That loud bang? Tee hee~ You were gone for so long I was getting bored so I let a shot loose~	It's so much fun to fire my gun~!
My hobby's collecting shell casings~! Hey don't you think shell casings are super cool?	Top of the mornin' granny Hood!
Whuaah! Hey Wales! Granny Hood is giving me creepy looks~!	Whuaaah!
Oh have I hidden your mail~? Want it back? Then get some snacks and bar-ter for it! Bar-ter for it!	Target spotted calculating trajectory Bugger it's just the commission team. Laaaame
Tee hee~ I might be loading a teensy bit too much gunpowder~	Tee hee what should I knock out first? Their bow? Turret? Engine?
Kaboom! Ahaha~ You can't beat the Mark I!	Tsk. Lame.
Be torn to shreds by my shells!	Whuaaah! My armour!
Tee hee~ How do you like my habanero curry? – Huh? W-wait Nelson! I didn't know that one was yours! – Don't hurt meeee!	Feeling stressed out? Then try out my Mark I! Fire a shot for every worry you have to make them disappear with a bang! You'll get hooked on it!
W-wow! Thanks! I'll never take it off! I-in exchange take my Mark I! Roberts told me you're supposed to give your partner your dearest possession at times like these!	Abercrombie's special handmade chocolates! Have a taste Oh come on why make me wait? Did I put anything funny in it? Of course not. Really!
A great day for chocolate huh? More like a great day for chocolatey mischief! By the way that doesn't apply to this cup of hot chocolate so you have nothing to worry about when enjoying it~	Tee hee~ Who knows where I've planted my pumpkin surprise~
Trick or treat! Give me candy or you'll taste one of my pranks! Although even if you give me some well you'll see for yourself! Tee hee~	Take a gander at my Halloween Mark I! Looks cracking doesn't it!
If only we had more holidays where you could cause mischief and get away with it scot-free~	Taste the retribution of my Mark I! (Pow!)
I wonder how people would react if they got my custom-made horseradish candy~ Tee hee~!	'ello there! How about a glass of delicious and nutritious carrot juice? Wait stop not that one! THIS one's for you! Phew Disaster averted
Carrot juice has just the perfect consistency. You can put anything you like in the glass and nobody'll know!	You're silly Erebus. All I asked for was a little inspiration not the full recipe for some kind of magic potion!
Bottoms up like adults do! Drink up Mark I!	Bring our customers their drinks Manjuus! And be careful so you don't drop them!
Welcome back. Want to try some fresh torpedoes?	My name seems a bit complicated but it's actually easy to read. Why don't you try it?
Dress up? Oh these socks are actually pretty easy to take off. Want to try yourself?	We're starting a new mission. Got it?
These rewards aren't so bad	You've got new mail!
Did everyone make it back in one piece?	This isn't a bad feeling at all
First Torpedo Squadron Abukuma Moving out!	I'm number one? Hm I don't feel anything special
Everyone prepare to retreat I'll cover the rear!	Everyone. Gangway
Don't panic wait for the right moment to strike!	Don't touch me
I look trigger happy? I actually prefer being an escort more than I do engaging in combat	Combat retrofit complete! First Torpedo Squadron flagship Abukuma ready to sortie any time!
Have you finally memorized my name? Just read it out. You can give it a few tries~	The most important thing is that everyone stays safe.
Is there something on my face?	Hmm? Not very talkative? *Yawn* I guess it's because I'm always so sleepy
Wha? Guess I fell asleep. With weather this fine I couldn't help it	Zzzzz Ugh I'm trying to sleep don't poke me like that
Uhh if anyone sees us you'll get arrested.	Maybe you should take a look at the mission log?
*Yawn* Maybe the rewards are here now	Got some mail Wonder if it's for you.
Welcome back *Yawn* Guess I'm a little sleepy	I've gotten stronger I'll work harder so look forward to that.
Everyone calm down. Seize the chance and hit the enemy where it hurts.	We won. Well at least I didn't make a fool of myself I guess.
I figure this outcome isn't something to celebrate	Guess I should put in a little more effort?
Keep it down will you	I just can't be bothered Maybe I should go to sleep
I'm not all that talkative but we don't even need words to understand each other do we?	Sorry I'm just so happy that I don't even know what to say I'll take good care of this
Hey wanna eat this Valentine's chocolate with me? I'd feel anxious thinking about when you're gonna eat it so enjoying it together with you could ease my mind maybe	You don't need to eat this chocolate right now just call me over when you feel hungry. I wanna see how happy it makes you and memorise your look to motivate me in the future Hmm I think I taste-tested too much and now I'm getting food coma Zzzzz
I'm excited about this day since my chocolate always makes you so happy. But I also had to get up early to make it so I'd appreciate it if you could take it now so I can go to bed	I just can't be bothered even after retrofitting
I'm dressing differently but you're still just as nice to me Thank goodness	*Yawn* Nobody'll see me yawning if I cover it up with my turret I think
Hm? Guess we're both about to head out Don't stare at me like that Even I go outdoors sometimes Since we're both uh headed the same way maybe we could walk there together?	Even I go on these fashionable outings They do wear me out though
I always bring some weapons with me in case I'm needed for a sudden sortie I guess.	Recently I've gotten a lot of compliments like see a little fashion could make you cute after all *Sigh* it feels kinda odd I guess
*Sigh* Maybe I should swap back to my old clothes	Uhh something might blow up if you poke me so casually.
I heard you're supposed to hang lanterns up everywhere during the Spring Festival so Ardent and I gave it a try! What do you think? Pretty cute right? Um I was talking about the lanterns	It was no easy feat hanging up all these lanterns Make sure to take it all in okay?
These red strips hanging from the lanterns? They're probably riddles of some sort? The Dragon Empery sure knows how to put on some interesting events	Zzzz Shoot I dozed off *sigh* It's already this late
I wonder if this outfit brings out my girlish side	What a gentle glow I think I'm getting sleepy
Looking after rabbits is a lot more enjoyable than running around doing errands There might be something therapeutic about looking after these cuties	If you don't get out of that teacup I won't be able to pour the tea
As soon as I touch these cute little bunny ears Haau it's cuteness overload	Ardent stop! You can't feed our snacks to the bunnies
Zzz Hnn Oh! It seemed like I was taking a nap with the rabbits huh	Glorious was shooting strange glances at me just earlier
Eh? Me liking potatoes does not match with my image?!	Com~man~der! What is that delicious looking thing?
Al~right~ Then I'm eating the butter~	Oww-- I cannot move my head or body anymore~ I don't want to do anything for a month~
Hey hey wha~t are you looking for?	No problem whatsoever! No matter how many missions there are just bring them on!
Remember your rewards too~	New mails~
A happy report~ from Peppy Achilles~! The commissions are done!	Since I've become stronger my feet are more resilient now~
Wahaha! Let's go! It's action time!	Ooo Maybe my talent has yet to bloom?
Achilles attack!	Did you know men who are virgins until 30 years old become wizards!
Living a real normal life Aaah I'm doomed~ (mumbling to herself)	Ehehe I never thought that cooking for people I like would be this fun Just leave it to me Achilles from here on~
The cute and charming Achilles is SuperRetroFitted! Even my heel won't give me any problems now! Well not like it really ever did before ahaha~	Being here now I can chat with anyone whenever! Stoked as a stove I am!
You trying to hide some good chow from me? C'mon let me have a taste!	Let's go and sail off into the sunset! Strewth this is what being a teeny's all about eh~
Target: enemy at 12 o'clock~! Shooooot!	I will fight for you till the very end.
No matter how poor the odds are I will always head for the battlefield. That way people will admire me.	Wars don't exist for mindless slaughter they exist for victory.
One's first battle being their last That sort of thing isn't all that unusual for us Iron Blood ships.	Give talking to people a try? I've always been alone so what am I supposed to talk about
Once we've been assigned a mission we must complete it no matter what it is.	I see that unlike me in the past you actually finished your mission.
This letter Thank goodness it has nothing to do with Renown.	A commission has been completed? That means they weren't ambushed. Thank goodness.
So this is power	For the honor and prosperity of Iron Blood and for even greater glory!
How long will this victory actually last	We've lost But I'm not giving up! It's not over yet!
In the name of all that is dear to me!	I have to hold out just a little longer!
I sailed alone fought alone and sunk alone Although I am who I am didn't I still contribute to Iron Blood's cause?	These hands are for grasping victory Even though I will never again be able to hug the people important to me what's done is done.
No matter how much I fight I can't fill the void in my heart And being away from you is the reason why	There's a note from Spee. It says I don't want to ask people for more help than I need so I made this chocolate all by myself. You Deutschland and my friends are all so kind to me but Valentine's is a special occasion so only you get this gift. Thanks for being here for me. From Spee.
Eugen taught me how to use makeup but does it actually make me look pretty?	I'm trying hard to learn about everyday things. Living a normal life is not so simple compared to fighting
My pantyhose? Ajax gave me them as an enrollment gift I examined them very thoroughly and didn't find anything weird but I doubt they're just a normal pair of stockings	Viersechs doesn't like picture books? I see Everyone else in the Z-class seems to like them though
Hipper? Want some snacks? I get it. Not really means yes in your dictionary. Okay say aah.	Deutschland? Could you stop using your megaphone to shout people who harass the girl with my phone will be expelled It's embarrassing and more importantly it's really distracting
You're making me angry.	This mail it's not another one of Ajax's pranks is it?!
Don't go around disturbing the girls at the academy.	Can I count on you?
I'm so glad that I can finally practice cooking! I want to give something back to all the kindhearted people here!	Ajax You're not pulling my leg this time are you?
Hipper is a totally different person on the internet compared to how she is in real life. Maybe she just has trouble expressing herself around people she cares about	Miss Illustrious could you teach me how to make tea? Admiral Hipper invited me to a tea party between the Royal Navy and Iron Blood but I've never brewed tea before
Thanks to Juustagram even people like me who aren't very sociable can still chat with everyone Oh look Graf Zeppelin just made a new post!	Prinz Eugen is surprisingly clumsy with this kind of stuff. She's still chicken-pecking with one finger.
Welcome back! Cellphones are totally amazing aren't they? No matter where we are we can contact each other with the press of a button!	To protect everyone who has shown me so much kindness I won't let you take a step closer!
I knew it this totally reduces my fighting capabilities	So this is where you were. There are so many people in the hall and I was worried about what I'd do if I'd lost you
A ballroom dance? Sorry but I don't really know how to I just need to follow your steps? O-okay then I could give it a try.	Ajax She's not planning something weird for the party is she?
Everyone here is having so much fun I could never even imagine my past self being at a place like this.	I know the party is still going on but you still have to check your new mail.
Not everyone in the Royal Navy is like Ajax. I can actually have a productive conversation with most of them	I will not let you disrupt the party for everyone else!
Thanks to all the friends I have now I don't feel lonely anymore. And my encounter with you might be the happiest moment of my life. Ahahah~	My sister just wouldn't stop bugging me so I finally caved and agreed to do this Anyways all I have to do is get up on stage and sing right?
My sister's always pushing this for the glory of Iron Blood stuff onto me. Can't she do this idol stuff herself?	Um Maybe it's because I'm so used to working with everyone but I feel like it's actually pretty easy being onstage.
Idols are there to make people smile I never thought I could do something like that.	These hands are no longer weapons of war but for returning the admiration of my fans. Right I can do this!
We're not done with the lesson yet	Have we been spending too much time on idol lessons?
Idiot so you rolled out of bed? Haah? What are you fantasizing about? I only happened to bump into you while patrolling the port.	What are you looking at idiot? Get out of my room!
Hah? A novice like you wants to challenge my cruiser-commanding skills?	Huh? Did I give you permission to touch me?
Don't get distracted in the middle of a mission you idiot!	Idiot! Hurry up and collect your rewards! Why are you showing it off to me?
Are you too stupid to realize that you have new mail?	Idiot! If you had already returned why didn't you come to see me? Hah? Who would be worried about you?
You idiot! You still haven't remembered what you forgot about yet?	Hah? Did you think something like this would impress me?
Hmph. Just today I shall allow you to praise me a little.	C-c-c-curses! I can't stand this ahh!
Huh? Who gave you permission to resist?	You piece of trash! I told you to stay out of my sight!
Huh? You can't even do something like that? Are you an idiot?	Huh? Worried about me? Having an idiot like you worry about me doesn't make me happy at all.
Huh? Who would ever have a crush on you? I'm only tagging along because Eugen wanted to have dinner with you. Don't get the wrong idea idiot!	Huh? Who would ever fall in love with you? I'm only here to drop off something I found during sortie per regulations. Huh?! A ring? Who would wear something like that?!
Huh? Why must I wear something like this? Whatever I'm in a good mood for a change. You're going to take care of me forever? Hmph! Isn't that what you're supposed to do?	Huhhh? Why would I go out of my way to get chocolate for you? I just happened to make too much and have leftovers and this is just so it doesn't go to waste! Don't get the wrong idea!
Here you go your long-awaited Valentine's chocolates. What? Even though you were making a really expectant face before now that I've made you some why are you giving such a weak reaction? Stop irritating me! Just take it already you big dummy!	Don't look at someone like that when they're trying to give you chocolate on Valentine's Day! I worked so hard to make them after all They're so well made it feels like a waste to eat them? Too bad for you then!!!
Happy Valentine's. Have this What's with that cocksure you made chocolate for me didn't you look? Yeah well you're wrong! This is I mean can't you tell? I know what you want 'cause I see you around port every single day. Maybe you'd know what I want if you were closer to me huh?!	Here it's your Valentine's chocolate. What's your deal? Every year you try and fail to get under my skin. Give it a Why would you eat it right in front of me?! Ugh shut up! I don't need a review of what's so good about it!
W-well? Does this kimono look good on me? R-really? Duh I know it looks GREAT on me! Who really cares what you think C-can't be me No I didn't say anything!	Which onsen do you want to go to today? I'd like to visit as many as possible so I can tell Eugen and the others all about the fancy places we've been to.
I can feel your gaze you know Would you stop ogling me like a painting? Huh?! You can't take your eyes off me? You say the stupidest damn things!	I've heard this type of kimono is famous. Makes sense considering how much skill an artisan needs to create patterns and colors this complex.
It's wonderful feeling the breeze on your skin after getting out of the hot spring. It's so soothing so cooling. You know what I mean right?	Hmph! Eugen can poke fun at me all she wants – this is NOT a date! She's not gonna be so smug when I gloat about how great the hot springs were. It was sooo good! I left feeling like a new person and so on!
Huh?! Grabbing a girl's hand without warning is a great way to startle her! At least tell me first!	Yeah I figured you'd like the pattern of– What the–?!
I don't care what spots you want to check out focus on your damn missions! You're keeping ME waiting too remember?!	Whoop-de-doo you finished a mission. Good for you. Stop dawdling and go collect the rewards!
There's a letter for you. Wow that's a nice postcard Never mind that just read what it says already!	Whew we're back. Time to dig in to some food before heading back to the onsen. You're worn out and I'm just as worn out as you are!
Let me guess you still haven't realized what's escaped your memory? Wrong! It's the commission not which stores I want to visit!	Isn't this much to be expected?
Thanks for making me work up a sweat!	We won. Heh I'm willing to give you the credit for the victory today.
This isn't much of a story to tell the others Ugh!	For the record I never wanted to go here. This trip is for you – to reward all your hard work and give you a break Huh? Me enjoying my time with you? Wh-who decided it's got anything to do with you? I have the right to enjoy my visit irrespective of you!
Though supporting from behind the lines is easy doing so for long periods makes me grow tired of it	These documents are for me Hm? That's unusual? I like to keep business and pleasure separate you see.
I went ahead and sorted out the new mission documents.	Are you sure this isn't a love letter from that girl you know? *Giggle*
Please have faith in the skill of this Agano-class light cruiser.	Let's give it everything we have.
Did you witness my performance?	How careless of me I will undergo special training when we've returned. *Giggle*.
They don't call me state of the art for nothing~	Dear me it seems things have gotten rather serious.
I wonder what will happen today *Giggle* I'm looking forward to finding out.	There will be no teasing from me today – only chocolate. Here. You understand what it means to receive chocolate right? It means I really like you. Say could I come a little closer? It's quite chilly out today
Even though I'm not really into this whole Christmas thing if it means I get to toy around with your heart by wearing this cute outfit of mine then I suppose I would be interested. Hehe~	Oh aren't you back early? May I suggest starting with a review of today's schedule?
Oh my it appears my costume has caused an unintended development	I'd like to offer you a reward for working so diligently even on a day as special as this.
Hey are you here by yourself? Hehe. Why don't we have a little chat then?	You haven't had anything to eat? If you'd like you can have some of my crepe~
Um do you mind if I shift a bit closer to you? It's a bit chilly out here What am I after? Jeez way to spoil the mood	Would you mind telling me more about yourself? I feel like we have a lot in common~ Hehe in other words I want to learn a lot more about you!
All done with the mission? Did you also pick up a crepe for me? Thanks a lot~	More mail huh You're quite the popular one. Hmph~
You must be tired right? Here if you'd like you can come lie down over here.	The competition tonight is considerably fiercer than I anticipated This calls for a counterattack Oh it was nothing important. I was just thinking out loud about how uh fabulous that chandelier is.
Come to think of it I haven't seen Noshiro around Knowing her she may be off on her own somewhere	Don't make fun of me for being slow-footed. See? I've~ caught~ you~
If you so desire I would not mind if you partake of me in front of all the others.	A new mission is another opportunity to deepen our bonds. *giggles*
My love is invincible! Ahaha ahahaha!	Ahahaha! I'm getting excited!
We were destined to meet. I knew at first sight that you were the one I've been looking for my whole life.	I have waited an eternity for this day to come. No one shall be able to separate us ever again! My mind body and soul belong to you as yours all belong to me. Haha ahahahaha!
We should send out even more invites This is the best way to rid ourselves of those pesky vixens all at once!	As long as we can be together those commissions and tasks don't really matter right? You agree with me don't you?
Oh my mail has arrived. Mm it would seem that our superiors don't suspect a thing.	Relax Kaga. You're my only friend. You'll always have a place by my side.
Has the commission fleet returned? If you're going won't you take Akagi with you?	Ahaha Akagi is always ready and willing~
I will not do anything that would tarnish your reputation but if any meddlesome pests insisted on getting in your way Ehehe	Indeed. While you were socializing I made sure to strengthen our bonds with the other factions. At events like these Shinano is horribly out of place and if I may say so the burden may be a bit too great for Nagato.
Who will you send to greet the commission fleet?	1st CarDiv Akagi sallying forth~
My love shall burn everything away~ Ahahahaha!!	At least protect my friends and compatriots!
This banquet is my present to you and your attendance is the greatest reward I could hope for~ Indeed I shall not grant you leave tonight until you pass out. Ehehe Ahahaha~	Tonight you are not allowed to meet with anyone other than me. Exchanging pleasantries? Oh are you not satisfied with exchanging pleasantries with Akagi alone? Hehehe~
Oh would you look who showed up Do remember to be on your best behavior tonight 5th~ Car~ Div~	This reward shall serve as an exquisite dessert to the banquet~
The commission team has returned? Excellent. You may go now.	I shall burn everything away!
Shall we take a break? There's no rush; your journey is far from over. Of course I couldn't be happier about that	Oh you'd like to feed me? Okay! Aah
A letter Heehee perhaps it's from a girl who's jealous of our relationship?	I've gotten word that the commission team is back. Yes I'll arrange for someone to meet them. We wouldn't want to busy you over that now would we?
T-the reason I sleep with the lights on is because i-it is not because I am afraid!	Sometimes I do not understand what Ikazuchi and Inazuma are trying to say
Can Hibiki find her way here on her own? It has me somewhat worried	W-w-what! Anyone would be shocked from suddenly seeing a person's shadow cast in the light in the middle of the night!
Hibiki I really miss her	S-should you touch me there again then I will not be able to restrain myself!
The ocean at night is a little scary N-nay I am not scared! B-but may I propose we do missions during daytime? You must agree right?!	Rewards~ rewards~!
New mail for you! Uh I will read it out loud for you!	We may use my searchlight to find our way home! Huh?  You have no need of it? R-really?
As the oldest of my siblings I must work even harder!	Destroyer Division Six embark!
This is the true power of a ninja!	Damn I-I shall get you next time
O darkness be gone!	I am a little worried about Ikazuchi and Inazuma
I cannot sleep well without my sisters by my side T-that is not to say I am lonely! I-it is because I am concerned about them!	A promise that binds us for eternity I understand! Then I shall show you my true right eye right this mo T-there is no need for it? All I need to do is close my eyes instead? Re really?
In an effort to put my ninja techniques to good use I have made this hyorogan-styled chocolate for you. Eat this and your belly will be filled for a full day! Hibiki and the others could never accomplish this! Hah hah!	Hibiki I won't let myself get lost over something like that ever again!
Is this the place called the Northern Parliament?! It is colder than I thought Th-thank goodness I brought gear for extreme environments! Hibiki please wait a bit longer! Your sister is coming to see you!	Being fully prepared is the key to going in the right direction! Say that again? The East lies *that* way?
I've still not found Hibiki I really do wonder when we'll meet again.	It is thanks to my compass that I have arrived at the Northern Parliament! Huh? How long has the needle been frozen in place?!
I'm curious as to how Ikazuchi and Inazuma are faring	Would you care to harken to one of my tales of valor?
Oooh I feel myself warming up! I don't know why though Something about it feels strange.	To one day find Hibiki – that is the reason I set out upon this journey!
My companion and I have shared so many miles together Hm maybe next time I should call my cohorts to take her for a spin together!	My companion's lights are strong indeed but I still find these night roads rather difficult
Back before I had broken her in my companion here gave me a lot of trouble. But these days? We move as one and the same!	Inazuma and Ikazuchi are going to be impressed with my companion!
Wooooaaaahh!! I'm losing control!	My bond with my companion has grown even deeper!
This obstacle will be child's play if I'm able to leverage my ninja skills I-I'm going the right way this time I'm sure of it!	I'm well acquainted with how to use a grappling hook! What? Oh no! The presents!
Hibiki will deliver the remaining presents? Phew that's good to know	C-careful lest the rope come loose!
I could've sworn we met here just a minute ago Wait a-am I going in circles?!	The commission team has returned! Speaking of Where did my presents for them go?
No ambushes! Let us fight face to face!	I m-must maintain my posture!
I see So it's called a performance not an exhibition Be that as it may the show must go on!	Inazuma's elephant is quite the clever fellow. Heehee let us see if it can catch this ball!
Ikazuchi are you all right?! Phew Don't make your sister worry like that!	Behold! Jutsu of Flame Escape! *cough cough*! This darned pyrotechnic device is needlessly complicated!
Don't just stand there Hibiki – come and assist! Your anchor really contains a hidden camera?! You just made that up? Aghh! Hibikiiii!	H-hands off!
A mission you say? It shall serve as a fine side act!	I shall dance around our foes!
My ninjutsu is no mere acrobatic act it's authentic! At least I'm fairly sure it is!	I'd like to have a Turkey Shoot. Makes me wish I could fly
You're interested in my abs? Go ahead and feel 'em.	I can see the commission fleet comin' back over the horizon. Mhm I'm real proud of my eyesight!
I feel like I could beat someone up right now Mmh!	I won't let y'all leave until I've had my fun!
Time to retreat? Fine	Don't die on me just yet!
Well well aren't you the frisky bunch Ahaha!	Who the hell are you?
I've been gettin' along pretty well with the Sakura Empire girls. I thought they'd hold a grudge against me but turns out that wasn't the case at all. Mhm they're an interestin' bunch!	Chocolate's just too darn good so I wound up eatin' some while makin' it. This here's what's left It's all I've got so savor every bite.
Thank you for always letting me cling to you. I made all of this just for you so please enjoy it. Oh you want to split it evenly with me? Yay~ *nom* Oh does this mean I can keep using you as a pillow?	I feel it's weird to divvy up stuff into portions for each of us. What I want is to eat a single thing with you plain and simple. Reckon we could do that? Aw thanks. Hope we can keep doin' it like this forever.
This? This is how I've always looked. Do ya like it? Let me guess you're having naughty thoughts aren'tcha~?	I wonder what'd happen to you if I were to scream for help right now Wanna find out? Heheheh~
Give me a massage and I'll keep quiet about that time you slacked off~	Sweet mission rewards! So when am I getting my share?
You've got mail! Say pretty please and I'll give it to you~	Weeelcome back!  Why's the paperwork been stacked into a pyramid? Gee a strong wind must've done it~!
Commission complete! C'mon let's go! We can't just sit here and keep 'em waiting forever!	Ooh! That's good!
Who's it gonna be next~? Teehee	Hah hah! Easy peasy!
Time to get outta heeeere!	Surpriiiiiiiise!
Huh? Have they spotted me or something?	Jeeeeeeerk!
You wonder what'd happen if you tick me off? I'd host something like a public exhibit of your greatest blunders!	My shoulders are so stiff after a long day of swimming Oh I have an idea! If a certain someone gives me a massage I might just forget that really embarrassing thing they did!
It's mean to mess with you all the time so today you'll get a nice relaxing massage!  *Phew* Hey you feeling something inside your ears? It's your fault for blindly trusting me like that!	H-hey listen If some day I don't come back from the battlefield would you Ahahaha! Like that's ever happening! C'mere! I'm gonna tickle you senseless!
Just claiming my ring. If that's all then I'm gonna get going now What? You're not gonna stop me? I-I'm telling ya I really will walk outta here!  Fiiiine you win! I admit it I just can't be without you anymore!	Go on guess who this Valentine's chocolate is from~ Here's a hint: she worked her butt off to make it and really wants you to have it! So who made it? Get it wrong and I'll call Taihou and her obsessive friends over~
Here's your cut in chocolate form my partner in crime! Cut for what? Oh nothin'! Jokes aside: Taihou and I made chocolate together~ She'll probably stuff you like a turkey with hers later so it's probably a good idea to get used to the taste!	You had a great reaction that time I leapt at you out of a box so I wanted to replicate that with a box of chocolates but alas Taihou stopped me. Shaaame Oh well instead I hid my chocolates among the pile you've received already. If you can figure out which are mine you may just win a special prize~!
How about a KAPOW! Gave you a real scare didn't I? Teehee~ Turned out pretty good if I say so myself~	You wanna warn people about my firecrackers? Hehehe~ By all means go ahead~ But how exactly are you gonna explain knowing that I had 'em hidden under my dress~? You get where I'm going with this don'tcha? Hehehe~
Which do you like more: this dress or my ordinary getup? Why do I even ask? Hehehe~ C'mon don't be shy and answer the question~	You're gonna dig up location info under the guise of dancing with someone? Hey pretty good idea! Huh? You just wanna dance? With me?
I wonder how people would look at you if I set off a firecracker right now Wanna find out? Heheheh~	L-listen I'm really grateful that you hang out and let me mess around with you! I've got something important to say Come here so I can whisper C'mon a little closer *smooch* Hah got 'em! Expect much more teasing to come~
Surpriiiise! I was in the box all along! Did I really freak you out that much? Heehee~ Here have this voucher as an apology. Come see me later to use it~	C'meown in! What can I get mew? The meows and mews are part of the theme mew see!
Maybe I'll get Archerfish to hop in a box too. We can handle the wait but can you handle that many surprises~? Hehehe~	I don't prank people while I'm on duty~ That is unless they're someone I like~
The reason I'm just lounging around right meow is 'cause I've already taken everyone's orders~	For every prank you fall for you get a minute of one-on-one chat time with me! Pretty sweet deal am I right?
I wonder what'd happen if you touched other girls like you touch me Wanna find out? Heheheh~	You like me so much you'll skip work just to see me? Heehee~ Golly look how these missions are piling up~
Meow nice to see you! Teehee~ Popping outta the box never fails to get a reaction from you~	The commission team is back? The next time you visit me bring some friends along!
By the way! I've got a secret discount menu. If you wanna know the code phrase for it come closer so I can whisper it to you. Closeeer Mwah! That was all a lie! Thanks for being so easy to trick~	Light carrier Albion at your service. I await your orders.
You want to know about my appearance? Unlike Elder Centaur my name is not based on a mythological creature. If I had to say the land where those with my appearance lived in the ancient times when legends roamed the world Oh am I talking your head off?	If you require a change of pace I would like to suggest taking a stroll through the forest with Elder Centaur. I would especially recommend the forest by the hills as the wind there feels particularly nice. Hehehe.
The ships of my class use a variety of arms in battle so I don't think trying to copy their fighting style will be of much use to me. Instead I can learn from their battle-readiness.	Grey Ghost? I'm not sure I can shoulder the burden of sharing a nickname with Elder Enterprise I-if you're fine with it I do suppose you can call me that if you wish
U-um go ahead So long as you don't touch the rigging of my bow	H-how embarrassing Ugh
Let us work towards the completion of your missions. It is by following your example that we shipgirls reach new heights.	The rewards for your completed missions are here. Should I check the address to confirm whether they've arrived at the right place?
There seems to be some new mail Would you like to take a look?	The whispers of the wind tell me that the girls have returned from their commissions. Let me know when you're ready to meet with them.
With courage and loyalty we shall prevail!	The unblemished Albion thus claims this victory!
How did I manage to be so clumsy	Please watch what I can do my dear Elders!
I've got to dig my heels in I don't want to be a burden to my Elders!	Was there something amiss with the way I conducted myself?
As a Childe of the fleet I can only hope to learn from the examples my Elders set in battle as well as from how you manage the fleet. There is much for me to learn in terms of techniques mental attitude as well as everyday customs.	Hmm Perhaps I need a new way of addressing my Elders of the destroyer class And then there are the blueprint ships as well But they're still my Elders What should I do?
A Promise Ring? Um I don't recall ever asking for one though You're giving it to me because you love me? O-oh! Yes I see! I apologise for being so thick-skulled that I didn't have an inkling of your feelings for me. Ehehe thank you very much. ♥	While Elder Centaur tends to take after our other Elders and follow what they do I prefer to learn from them instead. Indeed I prefer using my brain just as you do.
If I could instruct the others in my unique fighting style we could perhaps implement new tactics in battle. It's certainly not because I want to be called an Elder myself or anything. Heehee.	Elder Enterprise really can do just about anything Though if there's any area I can exceed her in it's probably cooking housework or making my way through the forests like Centaur Um huh?
Phew It really does take lots of consistent effort to live up to my Elders' expectations. Nevertheless the unblemished Albion thusly claims this victory!	I-I apologise for making a fool of myself If it's alright with you can I tag along with you for a bit longer? I'm sure if I try hard enough I'll be able to step on you more satisfactorily But don't worry I'm just playing a role.
Shall I become a faerie a vampire or even a succubus? Hmm I wonder which of these do I see myself being?	Elder Vampire has taken me under her tutelage but it's quite difficult to walk in this outfit Oh I'd be just fine with you by my side though.
It feels quite awkward having to give you orders You know what? You should be the one ordering me around after all. Just say the word and it shall be done.	This outfit is a bit too tight around certain places Ugh
So this is what you're like when you've been seduced I'll have to keep this in mind Whew *blushes*	Impeccable results. Oh I suppose I should have a more condescending attitude towards you? Umm I suppose those were passable results?
A victory as unblemished as Oh I wonder if I can still say that in these black clothes I-in any case a victory is a victory!	If you wanna know others' secrets you gotta give me something of equal value. Don't worry 'bout getting duped – I deal fair and square!
Wherever you'll find scoops you'll find me! Heehee~	You feel like you're being watched? Weeell I'll bet that's just your fatigue speaking! Yup hundo percent sure of it!
So you wanna become a mature big sister do ya GB? Heh I've got heaps of pics of girls like that. Although I guess photos won't really help you achieve that goal.	My camera's inner workings are top secret! No peeking!
Whuah! Dammit I didn't have time to snap an incriminating pic!	What's this? You trying to score points with me?
New missions? If we're talking quick errands I can do 'em!	A confidential letter It'd make for a juicy story but top-secret stuff has to stay that way!
Cheese! Welcome back! I snapped a photo of you and the fleet looking badass out there! It's gonna blow up in the news! In a good way! Heehee!	The commission team is back! I'm gonna go snap some group photos!
Nice! Lens aligned picture perfect!	We're live so remember to look photogenic!
First question: how does it feel to be the– Wait what? I'M the MVP?!	I-I guess I'll hide this blunder at the back of the newspaper
Smile for the camera!	D-don't lash out at me just 'cause I'm a journalist!
I-I-I'm so sorry! I'll stop with my journalism if it offends you! Just please show mercy!	Just between you and me info about you is currently worth this much! Heheheh! Interested? Then lemme interview you some more~
Hm? You like me? Ahahahah! I'm nobody special I'm just a smalltime journalist who loves gossip~ Forget about me – who else do you fancy? That's valuable information!	You curious about another girl? I could look into her if you wa– Wait a sec! You better not be thinking about cheating on me!
Huh. Turns out I've snapped a bunch of photos of you hard at work I'll make a solo exhibition out of these at some point! Huh? That's a no-go? Why?	I forget I'm the name ship of my class all the time! Guess it's 'cause I'm kinda childish compared to the oldest sisters from other classes plus I'm a shortie Still you married me so that's gotta mean I have SOME unique charm!
There's yesterday's combat report here's some random outdoors photos I took and this Ummm! Forget you saw that!	H-hold your horses! I need to mentally prepare first!
You know how to make a girl happy~ Heehee~	Tadah! Heehee what'd ya think of my dance? I got advice from my Sardegnian friends on how to blend in with the crowd while gathering scoops! Although I may have gone a bit overkill with it
GB! I snapped a bunch of photos of ladies being ladies! Here! Feel free to reference it~	Aha! So I move my feet like Hang on why am I here learning dance moves from you?!
I'm not hiding anything! There's nothing I CAN hide to begin with! Use your common sense!	You typically ask for a dance by holding someone's hand not by patting their head
A new letter? It might be a personal invitation for you! Let's find out!	This is Alfredo reporting live on– Hey the battlefield's no place to fret over dresses!
We're on great terms after all. I would've been fine waiting a bit longer.	When it comes to history relying on second-hand accounts is not enough to sift fact from fiction. You must conduct your own research.
Even if I don't have any honors or decorations my strength can speak for itself.	Gold? Oh were you interested in that story? Hehehe. At that time the Iris were
My hobby is touring cat cafés but this port doesn't Oh that's right. Even at this port there are plenty of adorable creatures Yes how lovely!	The Royal Navy are now allies who fight together with us. Furthermore even yesterday's enemies are today's allies. What an interesting life this has been Hehehe.
Oh my did you want to slack off for a bit? Hehe I won't tell anyone else so take some time off okay?	Are you trying to see if I have a fever?
We've just received a new directive from the higher-ups. Oh? It seems that you're just as busy as always As much as I'd like to do some of this work in your stead I suppose I wouldn't be able to?	Have you finished the mission? Good work. Please leave the report to me and go get some rest.
The girls from the commission team have come back. I wonder if I can guess which girl's carrying the most important goods?	Shattering the confines of the treaty is rather pleasurable. Hehehe~
It'd be nice if the battle goes the way we want it to.	If only you realized the situation you were in a little sooner you might've been able to avoid this outcome but what can you do at this point?
It's too late to run~	I'm telling you the constraints of the treaty are still too suffocatingly restrictive
You know I actually really really like cute things. Those trinkets those squishy furballs making sweets Hehe don't you think it's nice for an adult to enjoy cute things?	Thank you. Henceforth I vow to dedicate my whole heart and body to you. Together let us enjoy - slowly and surely - just how sweet our future will be. My partner my beloved
Happy Valentine's Day. What did you think about the store we went to last time? Just so you know on that day I secretly bought some Valentine's chocolates to give to you. Let's go on a date to another store next time okay? Hehehe.	Welcome back dear. What will you start working on first?
Whether it's during work or in your daily life it's no good to be too strict on yourself. Make sure you rest properly when you have the time alright?	Hmm~ How is this one thiiiis cute That's right. I'll have to show this to Miss Richelieu next time. Hehehe~.
There's no reason to be so impatient right? Hehehe	My my do you want to be pampered like a child today?
Dear you've got some new mail. I wonder if I should try my hand at writing some love letters myself. Hehehe.	You look really tired Darling you shouldn't push yourself too hard. Please leave this to me and go lie down for a bit.
Oh no I lost I'm sorry for letting you down	Love how are the plans for our next date looking? Oh I know that the destination's basically decided upon. More than that I was thinking things like where we'll eat dinner or where we'll stay. We have to plan out everything carefully so we can enjoy the date that much more!
Oh my hehe Are you enjoying the warmth of the sunlight here? I'm glad that you're finding some time to relax here but wouldn't you rather come play with everyone else?	Even if you've already applied some sunscreen you still need to take care to not get sunburns.
Here a sun cap. If you want to play out on the beach please make the proper preparations against the sun's rays first.	A beach volleyball match between the Vichya and Royal Navy Sounds fun. How about watching it together?
Writing words on the beach and waiting for the waves to wash them away Hehe seems like it'd be fun~ What shall we write?	You want some coconut juice? Alright wait there for now. I'll bring some over.
You're still in dreamland huh? Hm *blows* Oh hey! So you are awake!	Okay hear me out! Why don't we spruce up the office with some stickers? These here would look great on the walls and your desk!
Man it's crazy how much Fletcher cares for her sisters. Who me? I uhh prefer a hands-off approach with my sisters!	What's that? You cuddle with me? Go on try it!
Hahaahh! Too slippery for you! Can't catch me!	Hmm?
Beep boop this is an automated deadpan mission reminder. Uncompleted missions detected. Do your job. Beep boop.	Mission completed! Wait a sec this thing says I had zero involvement in it!
New mail's come in! Gonna read it later? Gotcha I'll put a sticker on it then.	Whoa! Hel-looo! The couch is all yours if you want it.
Commission completezo! Check it out I categorized the rewards with some stickers!	Sweet! Burst of energy like this make me wanna do stretches!
Let's do this thing!	Easy-breezy! That's another star on my record!
Oh crap I really whiffed this one Thank god for that near miss back there Umm I'll do better next time.	Welp time to go ham!
Owch! I'm not outta the game yet though!	Okay okay calm yourself and I'll indulge you with a nice heartwarming hug.
I've finished all my combat drills so I'm gonna use my break time to run down to the store! Oh before I forget here's a special sticker for you! It's all good if you wanna trade it with someone later.	So you doing anything special on your next day off? No? Perfect! Then mark that date your calendar. I'll bring the vidya and we can game all day!
Hwuh?! Wait did I fall asleep? *yawn* I might just call in sick today. Too lazy.	You could go for some cuddling? Don't mind if I do! We're gonna cuddle 'till dawn breaks!
A new mission? I could help if you want. I'll get it done in a jiffy!	Beep boop this is an automated deadpan mission reminder. Mission rewards detected. Go claim them. Beep boop.
I'm givin' it one-hundo percent!	Thanks for popping in! By the way I'll pay you back for the OJ later.
Turns out North Carolina is like a bunny girl expert! I never knew that.	You know what it's comfier to sit and take it easy so I'm gonna stay put for now.
Hey! You can't grope a staff member!	The road ahead of us is perilous but I believe that is also what makes the journey worthwhile.
Akagi turned out a bit differently from what I expected.	The next mission is
Mission rewards we should think of the most efficient way to utilize them.	My health seems to have improved a bit.
All right let's proceed as planned.	Now then how can we make further use of this victory?
Did I make a miscalculation?	Ahahaha
Perhaps a change of plans is in order	Swineherds like you are quite hard to find these days.
Information is a tactician's most valuable asset. Knowing more than your enemy is already half the battle.	*Cough cough* Since I'm so frail I cannot cook properly and even with my best efforts I cannot make anything better than this Perhaps you will want to try my handmade chocolate even more if I say that *Giggle*
Oh my what's this?	Please entrust this assignment to Amagi.
The mission rewards have arrived. Please look over them.	New mail has arrived — yes it's good news. You need not be concerned.
First let us assemble our formation.	*cough* *cough* I wonder if I am coming down with a cold
Well I'm in a good mood today I'll let you praise me	You're useless most of the time but when the time comes you seem to do alright
Stupid younger ones They should quickly grow to stop making me worried for them!	Is there something you don't understand? I'll teach you so be gratefu
I- I say you why are you like this	Aaah!  You nose-bleeding pervert in heat!
If you aren't done with your missions you are just slacking!	Take your rewards from the missions I say. Seriously to think I have to be worried about such a thing
I brought your mail for you so be thankful!	You worked hard so I j-just have to let you rest on my lap!
It's about time you learned when commissions end!	Don't look at me with those 'Ah I raised her well~' eyes!
Hmph! Can't help it. I'm going to personally show you what to learn!	I did well didn't I? I-It's not like I want to be complimented or anything!
S-sometimes I botch something up as well!  Shut up shut up shut u~p!	Don't look down on me!
You're the biggest perv in the entire universe!	I just happen to have time on my hands and you look so sorry being so alone so I've come to talk to you! Don't get it wrong!
I may look like this but I'm an adult! --I said stop patting my head! Don't carry me in your hands! --I'm gonna get mad now! Like really really mad! R-Roar!	I-I made a noble sacrifice in order to prevent you from laying your hands on other girls! --Whaaat? It's fine if it's me?! Wait a min- Ugh!
I- It can't be helped then if you're that fond of me. I'll make an exception and let you pat my head! Don't misunderstand! You're the only one who I'm allowing to do this! Only you!	You are aware of what you're doing right! I-Is that so? Then I accept Don't misunderstand! This isn't for you but for the fleet!
Here's your Valentine's chocolate! Just so you know I put a lot of work into making this! Also even if my chocolate-making skill is a bit lacklustre you're lacklustre in far more respects than that alone!	It's Valentine's again rookie! Today you're going to learn how to make chocolate! Shape up and get into– What?! How are you mixing the ingredients like a pro?! You knew all along?!
The way you made chocolate like a complete rookie last year is burned into my memory. *sigh* I'll just have to show you how it's done. It's like Köln said – Valentine's is a laborious time for us incredibly busy teachers. Be glad I'm setting some time aside just for you!	Stop sleeping on the job already! Straighten your back eyes ahead! Sort yourself out!
Hmm? Does my post-retrofit appearance interest you *that* much? How hopeless you are! Fine gaze upon me!	Stop looking at me like I only got this far thanks to you!
U-unannounced intimacy is forbidden you hear?!	Heheh! Now with my retrofit you'll see my true potential!
No ball is complete without its orchestra! Here as the leader of the Royal Destroyers Philharmonic I'll be sure to liven up the night! Now to begin woaaah! I stepped on my mantle?!	I'm in a good mood today? Of course it's a party after all! Hehe~!
My sisters snuck off to the party the moment I took my eyes off them. Oh well I suppose I can overlook it tonight~	Woah! Hey what are you doing?! Oh I was about to step on my mantle? Ah um th-thanks
This is how it's done everyone~!	Everyone one last push! There's a party waiting for us tonight!
Wow! Today's schedule looks packed. Let's work hard today!	Where did Fu Shun run off to? Would it really kill her to do as I say every now and then?
My sisters - Fu Shun Chang Chun and Tai Yuan - are all my pride and joy!	Hey-! My sisters are going to see us
Protecting the peace isn't just about fighting - you'll have to do these missions too.	Keep up the effort don't slack off just yet!
Why don't you take a break? It's not good to be too stressed out.	Great everyone returned home safely!
What are you all fighting for?	Everyone regroup. We can't retreat like this!
Let the protection of heaven surround the brave!	Even if the day comes when I am no longer needed on the battlefield I still want to watch over the Bohai Sea. I want to always be able to see the waters dyed a shimmering vermillion in the sunset.
So let's get going soon okay? I've also been really looking forward to today's date. Oh right whatever happens today you mustn't let my sisters know! If word gets out that I'm sneaking off or something things are going to get really troublesome!	There's a lot of work to get through today but it's nothing the two of us together can't handle!
You want to know more about the four of us huh? Fu Shun's a bit of a daredevil Chang Chun has too many great ideas and Tai Yuan should really put herself out there a bit more. Hm? Me? Well What do you think about me? Hehe~	Talking to the Gnevny-class girls really brings back old memories~
Fu Shun isn't up to some mischief again is she Hmm do you think I'm worrying a bit too much about my sisters?	Ehehe~ Urk No no more of that! I'm gonna float off to cloud nine!
Eek! Th-this is going to be a bad influence on my sisters if they see us	I'll show you what an all-rounder is capable of!
S-sometimes even I want to look cool in front of my sisters Ahem! Forget I said that!	Boundless is the beauty of evening's glow but alas–– Oh that doesn't have any special meaning I've just been hanging around Hai Tien too much. (*whispers*) But it's true Our time together is far too short just like the evening light
You put salty toppings into your milk tea? Even spicy things too? Th-that's heresy! You mustn't put anything into boba that would tarnish its flavor!	I wonder how my sisters are doing Oh right I've got to set that stuff aside when I'm with you.
Are you done with your drink already? Well you can have some of mine– Wait oh Um don't worry about it though! I'd hate for you to go thirsty! S-seriously I don't mind	The sunset sure is beautiful huh? Ahaha~
Who's over there? Oh it's the commission fleet! They're back!	Onward to a new battlefield!
Seize victory from the evening's light!	Teacher~ Anchorage has been waiting for you
Put on the jacket Take off the jacket Put it back on Ehehe~	In this picture the girl the prince are very comfy I like it!
Teacher are you busy? Can you stay by Anchorage's side? Yay!	Anchorage likes Teacher's warm touch Does Teacher like it too?
Squishy squish Teacher do you like it?	You like my hair? Lemme touch Teacher's too
Mission incomplete? Anchorage wants to help!	Mission complete? Teacher that's great!
Mail It's too hard I can't read it Teacher do you know what it says?	Teacher where are you? Anchorage hates being alone
Commissions? Where is everyone? Anchorage wants to know Is that okay?	Anchorage will become stronger!
It's the bad guys Teacher everyone Let's go together!	Yay I won! Anchorage is a good girl!
Oh no I lost Bad guys are scary	Anchorage will take a shot!
Owie It hurts	Patpat. Teacher it's okay don't cry Anchorage won't cry either Smile like this okay?
So many strangers Teacher Anchorage is scared	Teacher~! I'll give you this bunny rabbit! Here!
Teacher is a special person to me Anchorage loves Teacher very much! Anchorage is also a special person to Teacher? Yay!	Teacher Will you be together with Anchorage? Yay! Anchorage with Teacher girl with her prince Together forever
A promise? Pinky promise! A ring? You'll put it on my finger? Yay! Anchorage also made a ring! Teacher gimme your hand!	Teacher I have chocolate for you. It's very yummy. –Cheek neck or fingers Where would you like to eat my chocolate?
Chewy squishy or liquidy Which chocolate do you like Teacher? You're my sweetie so you can eat my chocolate from wherever you want.	What's up? You know I charge for intel.
I believe that hard work pays off you know. Eh? Why was I following you yesterday? I don't ever recall doing anything like that~	It's sure hard getting a scoop Maybe I should make some news myself!
Ah a good idea finally! This will definitely make the front page!	You're far too naive if you think  you can escape Aoba's eyes!
Okay time to get a quick word from the losing side. Eh? Leaving already?	I Aoba shouldn't be getting upset over this!
It's not very funny when I'm the one on the news.	Maybe I should go conduct some interviews overseas
It's been a while since since I've been stationed here so I've managed to get some good information from everyone. At first they thought you were a shady person but you seemed to have earned their trust. Good for you!	I've made my fair share of mistakes so I thought I could help by leaving something to commemorate everyone's hard work. Sorry for saying something so unlike me but you made me drop my guard. Now you have to answer my questions!
Alright I've decided. For all my precious friends here I will record their lives! Does that include you? Oh you don't you already know the answer to that?	Just to be clear I'm not good at this kind of stuff so don't expect me to say anything romantic ever! Well maybe just once Um I l-l-love you!
People kept bugging me so I wrote this health food feature. Read this well and put it into practice and it won't matter if you eat too much chocolate. That means I can give you lots of chocolate without worrying!	So this is how you're supposed to launch carrier-based planes I think I've got the hang of it Hyah! Oh no I guess it really is nothing like launching seaplanes
We've got a mission direct from the Naval HQ It might be pretty tough	I feel more experienced now As long as I do as I practiced in battle I'm sure everything will be fine!
Mm hmm! Yes this is how it's supposed to be Fly my aircraft fly!	Ugh Did I make a mistake somewhere?
I do believe it is time to say goodbye~	I'm not some frail young miss who'll go down in a single blow!
Miss Graf Zeppelin? In terms of our history I'm quite similar to her right? In that case I shall hope that we may forge the bonds of camaraderie Eheh~	This is your favorite food isn't it~ Oh it's not? But that's what Miss Junyou told me. She's your childhood friend isn't she?
Friends heed my call – Begin our advance!	A swimsuit contest? My my that sounds like one of Littorio's concoctions~ Don't worry I'm not interested in entering.
Graf Zeppelin huh I don't think we have much in common after all	I'd like to fly my planes around but No I've got to practice some self-restraint!
I've already tidied up your schedule. Hehe though it's your day off I can still handle these small details~	Did you enjoy my black tea? I've worked very very hard so that I may meet your every demand~
Shall we invite Carabiniere as well next time? I'm sure she'll be quite surprised~	Take flight with great elegance!
You don't find my appearance odd? I feel the best way to greet someone is with a smile!	Asashio and I have always been together. Yup we even sleep in the same bed. She's so quiet when she's sleeping.
I've made you some tea. Take your time to savor it. By the way is my tea-making ability to your liking?	Mmh I try not to think about why we all got separated. Besides we got to reunite here so let's instead live our lives happily ever after.
Eeeeek!  Is this truly necessary to become an adult?	Everyone try to avoid getting hurt if you can
Why I'm the MVP? Hmm this might not be so bad.	There's no need to worry we'll win the next time!
I'll keep everyone out of harm's way.	You must remain calm in the face of danger. Don't worry about me.
Oh Asashio? There there there's nothing to be afraid of You'll have to excuse me I need to stay with Asashio.	It's gotten quite late But I really enjoyed chatting with you! Say don't your shoulders get stiff from sitting down all day? Would you like a massage?
We all give chocolate to you for Valentine's Day but isn't this a great opportunity to make chocolates for our tea ceremonies as well? For some reason I feel like I'm not the only one with that idea. If it does pan out we're going to be able to have even more fun~	The shimmering of fireworks reflected across the water's surface How enchanting and ephemeral
Sparklers might not be as gorgeous as the fireworks that blossom in the sky but it's nice to be able to have something you can enjoy at your own pace.	Asashio will you be able to remember this place? Try not to get lost okay?
It's so quiet along the river bank You can even hear the soft crackling of fireworks.	Eek Are you doing this because there are no people nearby?
A submarine's gotta take care of her skin if she goes diving a lot. Not much you can do about the tan though!	Start paying attention to me or I'll leave to take a trip around the world. Okay I'm exaggerating. I'd just go gather data on the areas around the port.
Hm? What's up? Did something neat happen? Come on tell me!	Nuh-uh you have to earn it~ No more groping like this got it? Hahaha~
All I get is a headpat? I was expecting something more Hehehe~	Mission complete! Aren't you glad I have both brains and good looks~?
New mail? Could I have a look at it? I'll have to get real real close to do it~	Welcome back home daaaarlin'~ Ahah! Look at you blushing again! Hahahaha!
Commission goodies coming in! If I bring them to you will you gimme YOUR goodies? Ahaha~	Don't you think I'm even hotter now? Hahaha~
Heh-heh! Prepare to get served!	This is just par for the course when you sortie me~
They beat me once so what? I'll get 'em next time!	Once you commit there's no pulling out~ Ahaha~!
What a pain in the ass	There are tons of reasons nobody thinks you're hot. Cough up some dough and I'll give you a crash course on why~ Ahaha~
Got plans to go anywhere today? I might tag along and keep you company.	It feels soooo good to sneak between that sleeping fox's tails and floof them~ Though I'll admit it's not cool to disturb someone's sleep like that. Ahaha~
Here's some yummy soup for you made with lots of love! Teehee~ Wanna taste test it? All righty but what do you say we skip the spoon and have you lick it from my finger instead~?	Well well finally able to keep up with me huh? But now's where the real fun begins! Grab my hand and let's go on a date!
I knew this was coming when you called for me outta nowhere~ Don't be nervous now just hold still and close your eyes. We're gonna do some hot stuff you and I	Surprise~ I'll be the one to play a prank on you instead of Albacore~ Huh I didn't get much of a rise out of you Has dealing with Albacore built up your prank resistance? Well no matter. My revenge will be all that much sweeter~★
Welcome to a paradise of relaxation and recreation! Where you can get skip a little work and nobody'll find out~	Albacore's been teasing you? Give me specifics so I know what to do for future reference Err so we can work out a way to deny her I mean! Yeah that's it!
What happens when you give a Meowfficer bunny ears? It gets promoted to a hare admiral! Hahaha~	Shinano's not coming? That sucks. I already mixed a special cocktail for her and everything!
Hm? Got something on your mind? Just say it I promise I won't poke fun of you for it~	Don't you start making excuses now! The drinks I served you were alcohol-free!
What's this drink Bluest Blue? Ah. The name alone makes it obvious Bluegill came up with it. It's just carbonated water on the rocks.	Would you look at that – we're sat next to each other in class. Looking forward to doing some extracurricular activities with you this term. Hehehe~
What you think my tail sticks out too much? I can just hide it like I usually do	I wonder what that sleepy fox is up to. Snoozing in the Napping Club's secret spot maybe? I think I'll pay her a little visit.
Being surrounded by cute girls day in and day out is no excuse for not paying attention in class. Your grades are gonna plummet if you don't focus~	What to do after school's out How 'bout we go around port holding hands? I bet the other girls would flip their lids if they saw that. Hehehe~
Anything I can do for or to you? Us adjacent classmates gotta help each other you know~	This in the classroom of all places? I dig your boldness~
Hm? Have I done anything to earn a headpat? Oh well do it all you want~	There's mail for you in your desk drawer. Imagine if it's a love letter! Hahaha!
So did you get the soda I asked for? Nah I'm just messing~ Wait you actually bought it? Heheh then don't mind if I do!	Idiot! Did no one teach you that it's rude to stare at a girl?!
Even if they are allies I will not show mercy to any threat towards  my comrades!	Leaving me alone like this I-I'm not feeling lonely or anything!
I-it's not like I'm fond of being touched by an idiot like you! I just feel sorry for you since you're so lonely!	Aaah! Pervert! Molester! Lewd! Go and die!
Idiot! Stop sleeping! There's a new mission!	Doesn't the reward suit you just fine? Hurry up and get it!
It's your mail so hurry up and get it. It's not like I'm concerned about who it's from! Hmph!	You're so lacking at work that you're only good at returning here!
The commission team is back. Hurry up and check the results from them you idiot!	Listen up! Our pride rides on this battle! Let's take this seriously!
Hmph! I will not acknowledge you just because you complimented me!	Ugh How could I fall here of all places
If we keep doing this dillgently it will all work out!	Don't get carried away! I came here because of a tasty cake! It's still too early for me to acknowledge you!
You do have some positive qualities Hmph! My opinion of you is slightly improved! There's still a lot for you to do!	Umm Good work I mean it's nothing! I just made some snacks since I felt like it so hurry up and eat them!
You dummy. You're making this too formal! This should've been done a while ago	Here. It's chocolate I made with Aurora. The flower on the box is a candytuft. Y- you don't need me to spell out what flowers mean do you?!
Hey after you accept this can we go for a short walk? Galatea said something about today being a lucky day for a date with you N-not that I believe in horoscope stuff! But it's worth a shot Ugh! Stop grinning and just take my chocolate already!	Um even though I've been living here I'm still not used to being watched by you Am I weird? Ahaha
Uh have you heard about it? Ugh so you've gotten bored of me Just kidding~	Umm if we walk so close together people might misunderstand
Whaa! This kind of thing At least wait until you're at home!	You have a mission you know? Good timing. I'm now letting you know what it is.
The reward is here you know? Can I take it?	Ah you were just gone. A letter came by– Here.
The enemy is here! Be careful of fire hazards!	That was a good battle cost performance wise~
Wha! Hurry and retreat or else we'll get heatstroke!	Just a little more!
I was mistaken for being so friendly with you I'm sorry	I've finished organising the new missions. Don't forget to check them~!
Acasta when you're giving out chocolate you have to lean up against the other person and whisper in their ear. Don't you think it's more heart-pounding that way?	Ark Royal gave me some chocolate! Unlike Glorious she seems to be pretty good with her hands Ahah
Did you want some chocolate? Mm okay. I'll go make some for you.	I put everything in the drawer. Both the mail and the love letters.
Woah! The chocolate's going to melt!	Welcome to Ardent's game house~! I'm here to provide fun and excitement for everyone as the GM– Ehehe actually I'm still learning as a play~
I'm the Dungeon Master Bunny! Ehehe it's a refreshing twist on a classic theme right?	Mmhmm Glorious all you have to do is toss this D20.
Err wait a sec what does the rulebook say? Sorry there's still a lot I need to learn.	Do you have a question about the rules? Heheh~ Allow me to teach you what you need to know~
Hauuu?! Y-you didn't do that on purpose did you?	There's going to be a penalty round for sure now
You may enter. Come and witness the glorious history and tradition of Argus I-I mean If you don't mind	Fall before the might of my ancient glorious power U-umm could you go a little easier on the office work please?
You're going out? Okay I'll take care of the place—Oh but if you think you'll be out late please remember my curfew	Is this a lesson?
B-be gentle please *blush*	You'll make a new hat for me?
We have word of a mission. Are you sure we shouldn't take a look at it?	Is the mission complete? Phew That's great to hear.
A letter's arrived. As for the envelope Umm should I just cut it open with scissors?	The commission team has returned. Just like carrier-borne craft you have to welcome the girls back after you've sent them away!
My rigging tempered a thousand times over I just hope this is enough to help me hold my own in a fight	Training Aircraft carrier Argus is present and prepared!
Me MVP? You're not joking? I can't believe it	Urgh Is this my punishment?
Come back safe please!	B-but the Royal Navy's tradition and glory!
Ah! If you don't need anything I'd best be taking my leave! Phew	You'd like to take me around on your off day? If it's no trouble then I'll gladly take you up on that offer. Oh But I'll need you to bring me back to my dorm before curfew
Zzzz Ah! Is it already time for work? Sorry for oversleeping I was so excited to be your secretary that I stayed up really late	The outfit I wore during our outing is right over here. I went ahead and ironed it so there's not a single wrinkle on it! Heheh maybe I'll wear it again next time we go out?
Ugh I hope these numbers are right. I'd be a failure of a secretary if I had to ask Langley and the others for help	If you're going out let me go with you! Why? Well We can call it a date! Teehee!
Would you like me to hold your hand and lead the way?	Yes good. Please dote on me.
Oh was there correspondence regarding a mission? R-right Got it!	I'll prove that I can fight!
Yaaawn Umm did I doze off again? Oh no Organising school events gets so hectic I always end up working right up until curfew Just give me one more minute please	Hosting school events is really such a task. I've been so sleep deprived lately *yaaawn* No that's enough yawning. I still have work to do
Achoo! Thank you. Of course sleeping here all the time would lead to me getting a cold. I should be more careful	Implacable! You can play that game at home but you can't bring it to the festival! What do you mean why? A-aren't you embarrassed?!
Is it time for the next item on our schedule?	Whawha?!
There are still things to be done before the school festival Let's begin with these missions.	Costumes materials and printed materials are all done. I've contacted the commission team as well Things are really coming together. Phew
We won! None can rival the Royal Navy's glorious tradition!	Though I sometimes wish Yuugure would be a little more independent thinking about that feels a bit lonely.
Looks like we've got new missions. Any transport operations? Those are my specialty~	Come to think about it Yuugure always has to tell me whenever she finishes a mission
Take care of your anti-air~!	Everyone be on the lookout for enemy airstrikes!
MVP huh? I'm satisifed as long as I was able to help~	I wouldn't mind resting up in the docks if not for this whole getting beat up thing
Now's our chance.	Things are getting a little messy
Ariake-class? Ah! There was something like that at some point but it was changed back later not that I mind. What about Yuugure? Well	Having taken care of Yuugure Shiratsuyu and sometimes even Shigure for such a long time I can't just flip the switch so easily and become clingy and dependent myself
See super-domestic little sisters are in high demand right now! But I will admit it's a little embarrassing~ Hehe From now on you can depend on me even more. I'm very confident in my skills~	Aww isn't Unicorn adorable with her little sister act? I should do like her and give you a box of cute little chocolates too~ I bet Hatsushimo would be caught off guard by that~ Hehehe~
Ah So this is what it feels like to be retrofitted. I'll work harder for your sake and for everyone in the 27th Destroyer Division~	You seem pretty busy today too. But don't worry I'll help you out~
Yuugure has come a long way. She's no longer the little girl constantly tugging at my sleeves asking for help.	Yuugure's all grown up now. When I stand next to her you can't even tell who's the older sister anymore! Ehehe
Wish I got as big an upgrade to my ability to take care of people as I did to my firepower. It's not just Yuugure it's practically the entire 27th Destroyer Division I just can't keep up with all of them.	Good work~ Here's your tea~
Hope everyone enjoys the oodles of balloons I made for this party! Yeah I'm sure the little girls will love 'em!	Yuugure it's not every day we get to attend a party like this so you should show off your stuff! Besides you look super cute in your dress. Right? See~?
If we tied a balloon to Shiratsuyu she wouldn't get lost easily right? After all we'd be able to see it from anywhere.	Who's been going around telling kids that you can fly if you tie a bunch of balloons together? Hatsushimo can you stop giving them strange ideas?
You want to be my dance partner? Ah um! Sure if you're fine with that.	Phew Time for a little break
Even me?  Thank you very much!	I've become calmer now
Uh- Let's pretend that it didn't happen alright?	Here's the list but Are the physical rewards really that important?
It's great to be back safe and sound.	I will protect everyone!
This time I will protect all that I want!	No more Just this once please let me have it my way
This time I'll protect everyone!	I can't cry! I have to cry for happy times!
I wonder where I truly belong?	Ahh Apologies. I was thinking about something sad again
Thank you for always listening to me I've been feeling much better now	I won't let that day happen again' you say? Thank you. Those are the words that resonated with my heart the most in my life I believe in you!
This day was practically made for you wasn't it? You're always making all of us smile so I hope today I can *sniff* Damnit I said I wouldn't cry anymore but I can't stop the tears of happiness from coming out Sorry 'bout that	Here borrow my handkerchief. Heehee Is it really that moving to see me smile? I think you and Pennsylvania are just being dramatic. I suppose Yeah. I'm going to try to smile every day until you both feel used to it.
I heard these clothes are from the Dragon Empery but they're a bit Umm it's not that I dislike them but the thought of you seeing me in them is rather embarrassing B-but it's not like I'm going to start crying	My desire to protect my friends has been made possible here. Hehe of course I'll continue to give it my all.
Both in the past and present being able to help your friends in various ways outside of battle is something to be happy about. Hm? You feel happy just from being with me?	If wearing this outfit means I can help my friends make wonderful memories I don't mind doing it.
Do you think I should try to learn some dance steps from a real dancer? Would it be okay if I asked California for help?	Stay calm Arizona
Please keep this a secret from my sister	Pennsylvania? Oh it's
The mission rewards have arrived. It's always nice to have extra supplies.	The girls seem to be back from their commissions. Good tidings arrive on the wind.
I'll give it my best shot!	Dancing might not be my strong suit but I know how to fight!
Time to evacuate? Understood!	To your desk! Chop-chop! Let's get through today's tasks quickly!
You can lead the fleet as a whole but in the field I'll take command. By covering for each other victory will be certain. Having said that I wouldn't mind being the one to make decisions around the port every now and then~	It's delightful to see you're still excelling Lady Warspite. You live up to your name as a royal knight.
While I'm far from the only Northern Parliament battleship at this port I strive to be the best. Those aren't empty words – I mean it!	Have you finished your work? Ready to start on the next task? That's the spirit. Once that's done we're onto the next and then the next after that!
Being excessively polite is no different from simply being rude. Speak to me as you would any other.	Wh-what are you doing–?!
Attention: the mission has been completed! Spasíbo! I'm pleased you did them before I had to.	Attention: a letter has arrived! It's for you. Do give it a read.
So you've returned. Now you must reflect on your battle review your results and inspect your ships for damage But first have some tea while it's still warm.	Attention: the commission team has returned! Now to pour something that warms the body – not tea but vodka.
How about a complete modernization and retrofit next time hmm?	The battlefield knows only one sovereign - me!
Victory is mine. Heh not that I ever had any doubts about the outcome.	All ships withdraw! You haven't seen the last of us!
Brace for some revolutionary swordsmanship!	My maintenance is lacking? Impossible!
You're a disgrace to your position! Apply yourself!	Hoho. This is what I wanted to see. An occasion this special calls for more ladylike behavior Or rather that I return your affection. Of course I gladly accept! I trust you with my future – take good care of it!
As Warspite informed me today is a day of giving chocolate to people. That being the case why don't we go give everyone a hand? After all you need tea with your chocolate if you want it to taste the best. Heehee~	With you commanding even in the field and me offering advice on the fleet's course – yes the port has a bright future ahead of it. Hehehe~
How my abilities are put to use is for you to determine. I have no doubt you'll make the right call.	Need advice? I can offer mine only if you'll rely on me!
I'm not sure what to say about this	Attention: new missions have come in. I suggest taking a gander at them.
Mission complete! That's created some time for us to go on a date.	Would you please tell me ahead of time when you want me to switch from soldier to lady mode? It's hard to dote on you at the drop of a hat – I'm not used to that. As an aside would you like to go on a date? Hehehe. Expect me to make the first move for as long as I'm not used to doting on you.
Your choice treasure now belongs to master thief Arkhangelsk! Think you can arrest me? Then stop gawking and come get me!	I'll be taking this treasure if you don't mind! Heheh! Royal Navy grace with Northern Parliament dexterity is not a combination to be trifled with.
Our next objective is to Ah we have to bring this over to Kiev to finish our mission. Nice and easy.	Despite my appearance the fact is that I am a soldier with knowledge of everything from avoiding security to moving stealthily. Shipgirls usually aren't proficient in those? I mean Doesn't it vary from person to person?
You're coming in loud and clear! What do you need?	Eek!
I'd like to stay here forever But at this rate I won't be able to find Arashio.	Happiness is a full belly and a good night's sleep.
Don't worry I am not afraid anymore!	What a weird feeling
The mission rewards can I use them to buy something to eat?	Shall I go through the email for you? Maybe there's a letter from Arashio
Isn't it about time to welcome the others back?	I think it'd be better to mount another anti-air gun.
Anti-air preparations is everything in place?	It seems that I accidentally did something awesome
If only I had upgraded my anti-air equipment a bit more	This time I won't fail again!
The situation seems to not be ideal.	Arashio Where are you?
Every time I look out into the horizon memories of that time come flooding back to me	My feelings for you have grown stronger since last year. This is more than just love chocolate What do you call chocolate that's gone to the next level? (Asashio approaches you with chocolate in hand.)
Did you sleep well and have enough to eat? Good good that's what I want to hear. Pat pat	The mission rewards Let's bring some along for Ooshio.
New mail Should I try singing it aloud like Michishio does?	My name is Asashio and I just transferred here today. Pleased to meet you Even though I might not be able to get caught up with the course work Mr. Kitty and I will do our best.
I wonder if I can find Arashio here at school?	How nice it'd be to go to school with Arashio
Mr. Kitty always likes to rub against peoples' legs.	*yawn*It feels nice to take a nap during class but I probably shouldn't right?
Even though we can't have a tea party during the winter it's fun to sit around and chat with everyone inside the kotatsu.	Hold hands? Okay.
There are still letters coming in even though it's New Year's day.	Shall I give you a shoulder massage since you've been working so hard? Rub rub Does that feel good?
Um Michishio chose this outfit Arashio picked out this hair accessory and Ooshio chose this anklet Do you think they look good on me?	The fact that all of us used to be separated but can all come together to prepare for a show like this is a dream come true
The long and fluttery sleeves are beautiful aren't they?	It's hard to dance like this
Let your victories not be decided by the strength of your equipment but by your abilities. That is what Myoukou taught me.	Let those who think of the Sakura Empire also think of your name? Hmm Yes that is a goal that I indeed have been working towards.
I got this from Myoukou. I often record what she says so I can listen to her words when I have free time. Eh? Is that weird?	Ack! U-um I need to ask Myoukou about what I should do in this situation
Yes! With this I'm full of energy!	Everyone advance! The fortunes of war are with us!
N-not bad I suppose *blushes*	I I can keep fighting!
I'll cut you all down!	This is the hour of reckoning! Chaaarge!!
U-um.. I'm not very dexterous but I'd like you to have this origami crane that I made though I'm not sure you can really call it a crane. I've always wanted to do something like this	Haguro would probably object to me giving you chocolate but I just had to do it. Plus last year I didn't get a chance So do you like it? Thanks to Haguro I didn't go totally overboard
You'd like to train with me? Of course! Even dressed like this I have no intention of losing!	It's hard to put my hair up like this Thanks to Myoukou's help I was somehow able to manage
This is how you do the lap pillow thing right? I heard that it would help you recover from fatigue	My appearances shouldn't affect my combat performance In any case let's advance!
The cool pristine waves splashing across my skin What a comforting sensation.	I originally planned to bring headphones to listen to the soothing sound of Myoukou's Err I meant to say music! But it might be more calming to just listen to the waves.
Under the azure skies the seagulls and crabs also thrive the summer seaside also has life of its own.	Myoukou I brought my training equipment. Today's regimen is Oh I don't need it today?
I heard there are lots of crabs hiding on this beach. I wonder if I can snag a couple	I'm not very smart so I'll pass on the complicated stuff but when it comes to life advice I'm your gal!
New Orleans sure matured into a fine big sister. What a gal!	What's up? What is it?
Sitting for too long is no good. After you finish your work why don't we go for a change in pace?	There's new mail~ Comander you're quite the popular one~
I won't let you harm the people who are important to me!	Hehe I'm pretty capable aren't I~
Even I can get serious when it's do or die!	Everyone go get 'em!
I'm getting a little pissed off I know I said you can rely on me more but	I'm not as nice as you take me for
I get along with my sisters very well and like them a whole lot But sometimes I just can't help thinking what if we were called the Astoria-class instead	Love is equal?  Ehehe you're always thinking about me that makes me very happy~ However here's what you don't understand: if you truly like someone then these kinds of things don't matter at all.
Today's horoscope says Romance five stars?! Like no way~!	Club activities? Ahaha I think I have a date with my sofa today
Oh welcome back. Wanna go for some grub?	Come on in sugar! Ahaha~ Not used to being greeted that way I bet.
It's soooo hard to memorize everyone's preferences Don't get me wrong this job's still pretty fun. Just gotta keep at it!	I had my doubts about this outfit. Thought it was a bit too skimpy but seeing as there's only girls in the fleet I guess it's fine?
Vincennes! You're not fooling me with that innocent look when you just nuzzled my tiddies!	Poker? I know the rules but I'm dumb and suck at it. Just don't make fun of me for that.
Eep! Hey watch it! I nearly dropped the bottle!	Here's the drink you ordered sugar!
Bad customers don't deserve good service!	Welcome back! What should we do today?
You shouldn't ask about a maiden's weight so casually~ *giggles*	It seems like my shoulders are always sore
Hup! A little bug got into the room. You didn't see it? I'm confident in my good eyesight.	Oh my~ Are you going to give me a massage?
You can touch me even more if you'd like but there's no saying what might happen next *giggles*	Missions have been updated. Don't forget to take a look!
Mission complete! I wonder what rewards we will get~?	Ara~ new mail? I wonder who it's from.
The commission fleet is back! Let's go give them a warm welcome.	Naughty children need to be punished~
Oh my this is a bit troublesome	Oh my how should I torment you today?
Looks like big sis needs to get a little serious.	Hehe~ Now that you have my chocolate  is there anywhere special you want to go on our date? You thought I'd let you go so easily after you took your big sister's chocolates?
How many times have we spent Valentine's Day together like this? Hehe you belong to your big sister so we should be spending every day together not just Valentine's Just kidding. Though if that was actually possible you have no idea happy I'd be~	There are so many girls ready to give you chocolate that your big sister decided to go small this year. To make up for it I'll be with you aaall day tomorrow and do anything you want. I hope you understand Heehee!
Even though I would be more than glad to allow you to feast your eyes upon me forever you do need to get your work done~	Dar~ling if you continue like this I won't be able to hold back any more~ Hehe just kidding~
Surely you must be tired. Come take a nap in big sister's lap~	I've calmed down compared to before? Well that's because I know that you'd never leave my side hehe~ Well then come into my loving embrace~
Phew it sure is hot during the summer. Eh? Why is your face all red? Are you having heat stroke?	Kendo sword and sunglasses Takao did you really come here for vacation?
Running commissions in this kind of heat is no easy feat. Let's go properly reward our hardworking girls.	Just the two of us enjoying the solace of winter together doesn't it set just the right mood?
It'd be nice if going to school could teach Takao to soften up her uptight personality	Hehe misbehaving students will have to be punished~
So you want big sister to be your fleet queen? You got it. But you'd better give it your all out there or else I'll be upset with you!	I'm pretty sure it was on purpose but these clothes are very revealing Hehehe. Big sister thinks it's cute when you're honest like this.
Me being the fleet's showgirl isn't this much to be expected~?	Mgh don't touch me like that My big sister image would be ruined!
*Eek* W-what are you doing?!	Our mission rewards have arrived. I'll give my share of the rewards to my little sisters.
You've got new mail! I wonder if any of the messages are from my sisters	Let me handle things from now on!
I'll show you what the tons-of-guns doctrine is really worth!	All targets eliminated. Requesting new mission!
Argh this is bad My big sister image is ruined	It's on now!
Sometimes I'm happy that I'm not actually your big sister	Being a big sister isn't just about looking like one you need to have the personality of one as well. That's why you can depend on me all you want~!
The bigger the better don't you think? Hey! What are you staring at?! Gee sorry for not being big enough I guess!	Are you fond of assertive big sister type characters? That is to say someone like me
Huh? You want me to take the initiative? O-o-o-o-of course I don't mind! I-I mean I'm your big sister after all so it's my job to guide you!	Thank you From now on I'll What? You'd prefer it if I took the initiative and gave it to you instead? Y-you have a point Okay then should we do it again from the start?
My chocolate is a little different this year. Can you figure out what it is? If you get it right I will grant you one wish! Come on time is ticking! Fiiive fooour threee twooo ooone	Quiet you Your arrival has merely made my aide a little wary. Pay it no mind.
Yes resist me. I look forward to seeing your reaction when you realize that all your struggling has been for naught.	What does being my familiar entail? You shall learn in due time.
You're awfully quiet Have you given up already? Obedience does not amuse me.	What do you seek to learn from the Unhulde?
You let your urges take control of you Fine. Revel in the bliss of your inevitable pathetic defeat.	I can't imagine you'll falter in the face of such simple trials. Or missions as you call them.
Mission complete. Congratulations. Another small step towards that alluring dangerous climax.	There's a letter for you. I command you to read it at once.
Your commission team underlings have returned. You know what to do now yes?	Improving the base principles.
Bow before me!	I've achieved the victory you desired. It wasn't so hard.
For every victor there must also be a loser	There is no escaping me.
tis too soon to start mourning for me.	I have nothing to say to those who cannot fight.
Zeppelin and I both know what you are. An insignificant insect trying to defy your destiny. Having said that I believe a soul like you isn't meant to blindly accept their destiny.	I enshackled you precisely so you'd want to rebel and make me submit to you. Why you ask? Because I've been drawn to you all along. Now show me that fearsome potential that sleeps within you.
People cannot say no to their hearts. Much like I cannot refute my love for you you cannot deny your feelings for me. That is the link that binds us together.	So you seized the chance to subjugate me first. Yes you are at your brightest when you kick and scream in the cage known as love. Allow yourself to be bound to me and amuse me for all eternity Darling.
Open your mouth. To be clear I am not giving you chocolate – I am feeding you it as my familiar. Perhaps you'll awaken from this dream perhaps you won't Either way this sweetness shall be proof of your submission.	Welcome my familiar. Come hither close your eyes and surrender yourself to me. Heehee if you wish to struggle that's fine too – though I doubt you'll last long. The day has just begun and I will wait as long as it takes to lure you into my saccharine dream.
My hair is a mess There we go. No I don't need a hand. I am here to serve you in this fleeting dream of yours. Enjoy it while it lasts. Hehehe.	There you are my familiar and Master. I'm curious to see how you'll attempt to defy and make use of me today.
Order me around as you please. A lowly maid deserves no pity or modesty from her defiant conqueror.	You will never subjugate me if you get complacent in your temporary position. You desire permanence but we shall inevitably return to the status quo.
I know your disposition Master. Simply watching from a distance does not satisfy you.	You wish that I step on you? What a bizarre command
Yes Master?	Yes use your maid to satisfy all your desires Master.
Mgh Yes do whatever you please	Check your mail
Welcome back Master. You may give me any order you desire Anything you want	This new power is no dream.
Keep on struggling through this ceaseless dream.	This is the victory you wished for Master. Hehehe.
I suppose my unfamiliarity with this role is to blame.	My name symbolises the break of dawn. Ehehe~ Do you feel more energetic from seeing me?
Dragon Empery? Oh it's a great place. Mm for example	Even though I don't mind if you stare at me please do your work properly~
Some mission rewards had not yet been collected so I retrieved them in your stead.	There's new mail shall I read it aloud for you?
Good work. Please take some time to relax.	May we be blessed with victory~
It seems I have not yet become accustomed to the battlefield	Light of dawn illuminate our path!
A rose by any name would smell as sweet. Whether I am called Aurora the Goddess of Dawn or even Chongqing I am still the same me. Yes I will always be at your side.	I've adorned your office with more than just roses Azaleas peonies cyclamen carnations Is it not better to foster a warm and harmonious atmosphere?
Elegance grace and strength of spirit I must work harder in order to become your supporting pillar.	A lively festival can be quite enjoyable but there's also value in relaxing in a spacious room.
Do you know what the embroidery here means? Hehe~	Well done. Which would you like rose saffron or mint tea?
The way you're staring at me are you waiting for me to remind you to welcome the others back? Hehe~	My outfit is a bit surprising? Ehehe from now on you'll learn more and more about a different side of me~
If you're tired why don't you enjoy a mandarin while listening to me read a story?	Eh? What's the matter? Ah I was just thinking it'd be great if things could stay like this next year and the year after that and forever more
The pigeons always seem to gather to the sound of music. Hehe turns out that they're hungry.	Are you tired of working? Well is there anything you'd like to listen to?
What kind of performance should I prepare for today? I have too many things to choose from	The operas are just a glimpse of the Dragon Empery's five thousand rich years of culture and history As a ship with a deep connection with the Dragon Empery I hope to share the charm of these ancient traditions with many more people!
One of the specialities of Sichuan opera is something called mask changing. It lets you quickly portray different emotions or even different characters. Hehe it took a lot of practice to be able to do this.	Behind each minute on the stage is ten years of practice. The Dragon Empery's old adages are quite thought-provoking
What are these weapons for? Um right now I mostly play the flower girl character but I hope to be able to play some warriors too! Hehe~	For combat to be the sole purpose of my existence is a strange and novel feeling.
I have a big heart? Thanks for the compliment.	Bears? They're pretty cute. I used to raise one.
I'm not cold though~	You should express your feelings in a more passionate manner.
A new mission! I'm more excited than I should be.	Here are your well-deserved rewards.
This mail has traveled a long way to get here. Please read it.	I feel like I could lift an entire bear! Hehe
Victory lies ahead!	We must remember the sacrifices that made this victory possible
The Revolution shall not cease its march.	Within the light of dawn are spilled blood and raging flames
My hometown? It's very beautiful. Although if you want to go there you would need to be prepared for the cold. Me? I'll be fine even without clothes. Hehe want proof?	While some camps seem to be enjoying the footsteps of spring the Northern Parliament is still very much cold~ There's no need to use refrigerators to keep chocolate cool—all you need to do is cover it before leaving it slightly outside your window and it becomes like this And with that my chocolate is complete  Please enjoy it with some vodka to help wash it down it'll help keep your body warm~
Monopolizing your time without asking anybody else makes me feel a little guilty but There's something rather exciting about being able to give you chocolate without anyone else bothering us. Heehee do you like it when I act a bit more mischievous~?	I am Avrora the princess bound within this tower by a cruel fate My beloved please come for me soon
Roleplaying as a damsel in distress is rather new and exciting. Hehe~	This building's ambience and lighting are just right. Heehee~
I won't surrender myself to fate. I pray that the light of dawn will reach even this dark place.	Even if my knight in shining armor was to come they probably wouldn't be able to get past the bears Just kidding~
The captured princess was toyed with by her tormentors Something like that won't happen to me right?	May freedom soon dawn upon this land
The coming of dawn is yet deferred	Muahaha Now these streets belong to me Sorry I bit my tongue Hmm getting into this role is quite difficult for me after all.
Who's on the hit list today? Umm give me a moment I have to go over the script again	You think I make a pretty good mafia boss? Mikasa and Gangut were laughing their heads off saying I wasn't cut out for the role
I'll bring revolution to these streets with a single shot! Umm wait right now I'm supposed to be Right I'm a bad girl now.	Who's that over there Kronshtadt? I-is she okay?!
Those who stand in my way will face unbearable punishment! Come here Pirožkí I'm going to give you a biiiig hug~	We've got a new job. How exciting~ Ah let's see what we have here this time Heh heh. That's how I should be responding right?
The rewards are in. Here you've earned it. Heh heh~	News from our top-secret contact? Let's hurry up and check.
Muahaha Get 'em girls!	Looks like we got busted
I've inspected the communication equipment. It won't cause any more problems	Uuu it ticklesa bit.
I don't really get it but I'm a bit happy	The rewards for the previous mission are here.
There's new mail	My power is overflowing
MVP? I don't really get it but thanks.	It's okay I'll recover quickly.
Bear witness to the true power of the Demo	I don't want to be alone
I don't really want to get any closer.	If there's one thing that worries me it would be when you are not at my side.
Rest assured This time no matter what happens I'll survive and return to you because I'll always want to see you again	Want to spend Valentine's Day gaming? Okay I'll bring potato chips in addition to the chocolate Yes this makes Ayanami happy.
Being with everyone makes me happy so I want to be able to stay together	If it is for everyone's sake I am willing to become the Demon.
I'm not sure I understand the meaning of these clothes but since you'd like me to wear them I don't mind	Everyone was staring at me so excitedly I'm not used to this
This feels a bit weird after all But if you like it I don't mind	Are these sweets? Thank you. I will try them.
There are fun things outside of combat and training too	If I stand on this pumpkin lantern will I be closer to reaching the skies?
I think I like this costume.	Tonight I am not a demon but a witch!
When I put on my headphones the music flows and washes away everything in the world except you	I'm somewhat looking forward to today's rewards
Training and commissions there<i>s no time to slack off</i	This song fits the battlefield well.
As long as you're smiling What does that mean?	This outfit feels light and easy to move in not bad at all Very cute? Um thank you
What is this ding-a-ling sound? It reminds me of our New Year back home	Training to be a waitress is something that Ayanami has never experienced before. It's very novel yes
Javelin is always so energetic no matter what she's doing. I'm a little jealous	Being a waitress is harder work than I imagined
Would you like a special combo meal to celebrate your safe return?	Even though we were supposed to use our codenames Kaga just went and spilled the beans. It's a bit troublesome when nobody is going to use them
Those Cloak of Invisibility things that they have in the Royal Navy are really cool they make me a bit jealous	When I need help I usually turn to Shouhou or Zed. As for Fubuki she always hears me out on a variety of stuff. I'm very thankful.
This cloak that Yuubari developed for me has a function that always conceals its wearer's face. That's probably good.	They're ears not horns
The mail's been Oh the members of the maid team responsible for protecting you have already looked it over. It's fine to open it.	This power is for the sake of protecting my friends!
I'll show you the power of Ayanami and her friends!	The concealment function that Yuubari added was not very useful
Z23 is always looking out for us Even though she has her own schedule to worry about she always helps us manage ours.	Fubuki seems to also be doing idol training. We should go see her in a little bit.
I never knew that there were so many things to do as an idol. I'm getting all fired up.	If I imagine performances to be like battles and think of the audience as enemies Err wait that's not going to work.
An idol's duty is to protect everyone's smiles!	Victory pose. Yeah.
During holidays everyone always has lots of fun. Of course Ayanami is also having lots of fun	Fubuki seems to have drawn Misfortune at the fortune-telling shrine but she doesn't really seem to mind Me? Small blessing. I'm glad.
New Year's outfits are very pretty but they're hard to move around in Ayanami still isn't used to it yet	Snowflakes are very beautiful but they melt as soon as they land in your palm.
New Year's isn't complete without ozoni. It's piping hot. Please have some if you'd like.	Ayanami isn't cold.
Please do not mess up my clothes Otherwise Ayanami would not know how to fix them	During New Year's there are many interesting-looking events. Ayanami would like to try going to some
What I'd like to do this year? I'd like to continue being with you as well as my friends That doesn't count? Um in that case I'd like to watch the petals with you during the spring? Is that better?	To get rid of my nerves maybe I should try releasing the †Force† like that one person taught me Is that a bad idea?
Ah! Ayanami is awake now	Let us go with grace and elegance.
I'll become the life of the party! I'm sure Fubuki would say something like that.	I can't let it end like this!
I've inspected the voicechat equipment. It won't cause any more problems	If Ayanami dies the fate of the villagers falls upon the ghost gamer
I have a feeling Little Bel is the best gamer among the Royal Maids	Could you turn up the AC please? If the room stays this hot Ayanami will evaporate
Is this gamer fuel for me? Thank you.	Well done on that battle. Ayanami has a battle to return to as well.
V for victory. From Ayanami.	Rigging activate!
I have equipped a full set of Dragon Empery Wuxia gear yes. It may not look as cool as the in-game version but this pleases the Ayanami. Heh.	Using qing-gong to fly into the air or firing huge sword beams I don't know about other people but Ayanami can't do stuff like that
Just changing into this outfit makes me feel like I'm much stronger at melee combat. It's just a feeling though yes	Ayanami's stats are well-rounded. Javelin put all her points into external kung-fu and Z23 put all hers into internal kung-fu. Those are crappy builds.
Akatsuki seems to be observing me with great interest I think I should explain things to her before there's some weird misunderstanding	If this was the real deal all the nearby flora would have turned into sharp blades But since this is just Ayanami's rigging that's not happening I guess.
This is a breach of etiquette I guess?	Your rewards are here yes. Don't forget to check them.
Commission complete. It's time to repair and resupply up.	Kurogane Greatsword: Hullbreaker-Style!
The lonesome and tragic Ayanami continues her journey unable to find a single worthy foe.	This doesn't seem to work in IRL battles
Welcome. Ayanami will be taking your order yes. Will this be dine-in or to-go? I would personally recommend the cola.	Ayanami messed up the order once I thought Zed would chew me out but she ended up encouraging me instead
If you're not sure what to order Laffey's favorite Teriyaki Twisters Zed's recommended french fries and cola make a great combo.	Hm Does this combo go better with ketchup or barbecue sauce Do you know Laffey?
Ayanami is still working	I see you're all done with your work Ayanami has to work hard too yes.
There's a delivery order When I come back I'd like to bring a portion for Javelin too.	A new shipment of food has arrived. Ayanami will go help out.
Ultimate Ability: Dynamic Kick! Oh I used my skill on the wrong target. Sorry can we try that again?	I've seen through this dungeon's layout yes. I've honed my senses by training with the legendary L.I. so you can count on me.
Sorry about the dungeon repair costs There goes all of Zed's equipment funds *sigh*	Look at that! It's a Meowfficer dressed up as a monster! Can you get EXP from defeating it?
This quest looks pretty tough yes. But if we all do our best I'm sure we'll be able to clear it!	The bonus rewards are in. We should set it aside for Zed's gear.
A message from Akashi? Probably should take it with a grain of salt yes.	Welcome back yes. First we must cleanse Laffey's debuffs. Oh she's just sleeping?
Oh. The commission team's back. I'm sure it'll be a Great Success.	When it comes to multi-hit combos Ayanami has the upper hand yes!
Your own body is the mightiest weapon. Javelin has yet to learn this heh.	Taste the Demon's jump-kick!
Shall we begin the day's work? Do not worry I will be right here with you the whole time.	I need more experience if I'm to keep up with the others So please give me something to do. Hehehe.
This defense power will definitely be useful in battle!	My guns are very precise? Thank you for saying so. I think it's more the result of training than any natural talent. Hehehe.
Oh? You want to touch me? Or would you like me to touch you? You'll have to come out and say it.	Is it a very difficult mission? I can help.
I got the mail. Please look it over.	Hehe that's it~
I am to lead the fleet? I shall not make any promises but I will do what I can!	This was the result of everyone's hard work. I was merely part of the team.
It's now my turn~	A little wound like this it's nothing!
I'd like to get to know the other Sakura girls and the others besides. What do you think of holding a mixer? I could provide the refreshments! Hehehe.	On top of chocolate is there anything else you want me to make for you? It's Valentine's day after all. I'm in the mood to spoil you more than usual. Fufufu~
Though I am rather confident about my sturdiness I'll proceed cautiously so that you won't have to worry about me.	Please look after me through both fair weather and harsh storms. I will always remain at your side and heed your every call~
Now then if you've had your fun I do believe it's now my turn? Hehe just kidding~	You must be tired from your sortie. Please sit down and allow me to massage your shoulders. Mm is this pressure to your liking?
E-even if it's for a picture holding this pose all this time is not easy	Do you need help with the decorations in your office? I'd like to give decorating a try.
Don't do that! At least don't do it right now!	I had a dream that I would one day share the stage with Lexington. If I could sing and dance just like her which one of us would you support?
*pouts* Another training exercise? You keep saying next time I want to sortie and go on real missions with everyone else!	New missions have been posted~ Let's hurry up and set sail! Just kidding we still have plenty of time right now.
Hm? There seems to be some new mail Hrmm Ah! Now this seems like some good news!	Hmm I don't particularly feel any different. Whatever a gain is a gain~
Everyone let's give it our all!	Looks like it's time for Aylwin to get serious!
I'm I'm still okay probably	Would you like some sweet chocolate and nutritious cookies? Great! I made these just for you in anticipation for Valentine's. Let's get you a plate and Oh! H-hello Lexington!
Even though I spent a lot of time training with the submarines it's a totally different experience to enjoy the sight underwater.	Want to go see Lexington's performance together next time? I'll even get your ticket for you if you'd like.
What I saw just now could prove useful for anti-submarine operations	A most graceful and elegant victory. Ehehe thank you for your praise~
An improvement in operational code and tactical variables This sequence should be useful. I shall write this down in my notebook.	A mission has been completed. That's one burden off our minds.
You would like something sugary in preparation for your mental labor? It so happens I have a list of our stock of confectionaries. Please have a look.	Transport commissions and cargo escorts are vital of course but let's not forget the important safety of our docks.
Now as outlined in our briefing prepare for combat!	How would you say I did? Was my performance satisfactory?
Let's proceed as planned.	I have sustained damage but it is under control
Are you curious about this book? It is just a notepad more or less. Rest assured there is nothing remarkable about it. And it is certainly not something you need look at.	A grimoire? Hmm And you say L'Opiniâtre told you this? It's certainly an amusing allegory. Now I'm afraid I must take my leave for a while as I have business to attend to.
If there are sacraments that can emotionally move and unite people then this so-called marriage must be the most powerful of its kind. Ah this bliss this feeling of butterflies in my stomach Now I understand how it feels to take an oath. It's quite enjoyable actually. Hehehe~	Do I know a spell or sacrament that lets you eat as much chocolate as you wish? That is a difficult question. I shall look into it but before I can begin you must first eat this confectionary please. Correct it is my handmade chocolate. I already had plans to give you it.
Would you like to know a spell to make even the bitterest of chocolates taste sweet? Okay first eat this chocolate until I say stop. Once that's done I'll show you every last bit of sweetness I can offer.	One can seek cover from the sun but cannot escape the heat. As I'm on lifeguard duty perhaps I should've brought an electric fan with me.
Both Vichya and Iris girls enjoying the summer on the same beach A lovely sight in my opinion.	Your praise honors me but I can easily imagine that you praise everyone here for their swimsuits.
You were out at sea? Here have a towel.	Drink this energizing coffee! We can't have you run outta gas can we!
Hah hah hah! Is it my time to sortie?	This outfit is what's in vogue! Do you seriously not know fashion when you see it?
If the other Fletchers were as flashy as me then maybe I could actually remember their names!	Don't come begging for my help later if you're this easily distracted and can't finish your work!
You might be weaksauce but you're really good at patting heads!	If you can't finish your missions then magnanimous me's gonna have to step up to the plate!
I really have to babysit you don't I? Don't forget about collecting the mission rewards!	Heh heh! You've got mail! Since you're such a busy bee and I'm so considerate I'll read it out for ya!
Suh-weet! Let's try out my new powers!	You suckers think you can defeat me? That's funny!
So weeeak! What a buncha losers! Hahahaha!	I'll be back to smack the crap outta you dolts just you waaaaaait!
It's showtime!	Not bad! But I'm badder and stronger than you! Hahaha!
I'm the only one on the planet who'd look after someone as sorry as you~ Poor little thing~	Hm? Hurt my leg? Nope! The bandaid is just for decoration~! Nothin' for you to worry your little mind about! Heheh
Y'know your fashion sense has really improved; you don't look so lame anymore! Keep it up and I might fall for you~ Pfft yeah right	Guess I'll always need to babysit you no matter how stylish you get~ But that's okay! I'll look after you till the end of time! Hehehe hope you're ready for me!
Yeah? You want my chocolate once again huh? Thought as much~! Man just imagine how utterly hopeless you'd be without someone looking after you! Hehehe~ Here now gimme a Thank you Bache!	You want my chocolate do you huh~? I dunno though do you deserve it~? Fine I guess you can have it! Hah! Never fails to make you cry tears of joy! It's a good thing you have little ol' me to look after you no matter what happens!
Next thing on your schedule is eating chocolate with me hmm? Heheh~ Good thing I made enough for us both! You ought to dedicate more time on your schedule to me alone~	When it comes to bikes I don't know squat! So I just got my Royal Navy pal to help out! I've gotta thank her later!
Still looking brand new? Well yeah thanks to my daily pro-level maintenance!	You wanna ride my bike? Of course you can't! Think what'd happen if you crash it!
If there's somewhere you wanna go if you ask me really nicely with a cherry on top I just might let you hop on~	Seizing the chance to feel me up huh~? You dirty perv~
Speed-star engine at full throttle! Let's roll!  Teehee~ I came up with that sweet catchphrase long ago!	I've gotta come up with a sweet victory pose It doesn't concern weaksauce like you but you can brainstorm with me if you want!
They said I'm a wild card Does that mean I'm super talented?!	Hey! Wait a sec! You're throwing too fast for me to return the ball!
Has my tennis outfit got you crazy for me~?	Giiiy Kiiie Uh Bwuuuh? It's hard to speak like a bunny
The most delish carrot is always going to be the next one!	I've received a transmission from Planet Bunny telling me to help you with your work. No need to thank me just leave it to me!
I'm going to become a superstar one day! The most popular in the universe!	What a strange feeling
You should definitely stock up on carrots but you shouldn't stock up on unfinished missions!	My bunny level has gone up even higher! Yeah!
I'm not afraid of you!	Haha! Bunnies are just super strong!
*Sob* Planet Bunny won't let you off so easily!	Here I go! Bunny Boosted Bane Blaster!
Bunnies bite when they're angry!	I'll do my best even though I'm just a bunny!
Benson told me that I'm from Planet Bunny Does she think I'm still a kid or something? But but I know for a fact that Santa is real!	Promise? Promise what? I don't really get it. Do you wanna become a bunny too?  Great! That means we can be together forever!
Planet Bunny locally produced chocolate just for you! Benson taught me how to make it!	Planet Bunny's envoy swoops down from the skies! This Valentine's chocolate is supercharged with love and made in the image of cuteness itself! Here you go! Well do you like it? I'll have to tell Benson about it if so!
Planet Bunny is famous for its chocolate baskets! I made each and every one of these with a hearty dose of love! Heehee~ This must be what Benson meant by From Planet Bunny with Love!	Cutie Lucky I'm leaving the equipment to you two~!
Bailey will always be shining brighter in the next moment~!	Bunny magic is suuuuper strong!
It's Bailey from Planet Bunny! Everyone please give me your support~	Can you see the ghost next to me? Hehehe— the black witch from Planet Bunny is none other than me Bailey!
Trick or treat! If you don't hand over the candy Baily and the Bunnykin will play a trick on you!	Don't you have any carrot candy? Bailey craves carrot candy!
Bailey's a black bunny today. Don't mistake it for a regular ol' white bunny!	Candy given away can never be reclaimed~!
This strange sensation Could it be EM waves from Planet Bunny?	Bailey doesn't do pumpkin pie but you can have this delicious carrot cake instead!
Cutie Lucky hold on tight~!	Your Bunny Santa has arrived! That's right – not regular ol' Santa but Bunny Santa! The real Santa's busy so Bailey from Planet Bunny is here to help out!
Santa is real! Planet Bunny has Santa so this planet has to have one too! Heehee!	Cutie and Lucky did you deliver the presents like I asked? Aww thank you!
Can you carry the heavy stuff for me? Thank you! Bunny Santa rates you nice this year!	Brr that's chilly Uh but that isn't the only problem here!
Now that you're back it's time to get back to delivering presents! Don't worry; the cold is nothing to Bunny Santa!	SHE'S Quincy?! L-looks pretty different from the one I know But I guess it's not that unusual for ships to share the same name.
Could you fetch me an Oxy-cola? Thanks Ahhh! That hits the spot!	Eek?!  Y-you did not just hear that got it?!
Missions missions. Let's start by checking the list.	There's our mission rewards. Good to have the money for retrofits and repairs.
Commission complete. I could use some exercise so could you let me have the next one?	Great! I'm getting fitter and fitter.
All ships enter formation!	You crooks should've used your powers for good.
Even the good guys face setbacks sometimes	We've got an opening Let's take 'em out!
Don't lose control! Focus!	Let's not be overly formal and get to it: what do you wanna do next? I'm open to chat about pretty much whatever so if anything's on your mind just tell me.
You want to go shopping with me? Sure consider it done. You wanna make a date out of it? I mean might as H-hold on! When you say date you mean THAT kind of date?!	I've got Valentine's chocolate for you but Listen can I have some of your time later tonight? I was thinking we could go on a date through the lantern-lit park and that's when I'd give it to you You okay with that?
Do you know how to get to my clubroom? Or should I show you the way?	Yo Cleveland! Up for another round of basketball later? You bring Independence and I'll get Pittsburgh on the team!
A drink? Sure I could use one!  Ahh that's the ticket!	Oh my uniform's completely soaked T-thanks for letting me know
Eek?!  W-what are you doing?!	Looks like you worked up a good sweat. Here a towel. Should I go get a drink for you too?
Let's do this!	Heya you here to watch the game? Heh heavy cruiser Baltimore the passerby solver of troubles here to play it cool!
All right let's do like always and breeze through these tasks.	I'm radiating unusually dark vibes? Thanks for the compliment. I guess these decal tattoos Bremerton recommended are doing their job. As in they make people a little more cautious around me than they normally would be.
Bremerton's got a real knack for psychological warfare. She often gives me good advice on how to present myself.	I'm an expert at tennis as you'd expect. If anything you'd be kinda hard-pressed to find a sport I *don't* excel at.
I know I'm eyecatching but I didn't hope you'd stare so intensely at me I mean that's not to say I *don't* want you stare at me but	Eep?! Come on I've *told* you I'm sensitive to this sort of stuff!
Come! We shall fight head-on!	You don't need to know why I look this way. Because if you did you'd vanish from this world. I'm just kidding around. Hahaha!
Damn that Bremerton What did she make me wear this time Even though I was the one to ask her for advice Um Ugh This doesn't look too weird right?	Bremerton said When you change your look your mannerisms usually change too and suggested this dress to me She must be snickering at me actually wearing it right now
I should've gone with a less cumbersome outfit shouldn't I? Maybe something like Cleveland's suit Yeah that would've worked	The mirror? It's so I can see my– Oh god!
Woah?! Ah thanks Guess it's a real uphill battle getting used to these high heels	Life is its own journey. You can't live the perfect life but what's important is living without regrets.
What type of journey do you prefer? One that follows a strictly laid-out plan or one where you go with the flow?	Why are these other puppies following me? You know what it's all good. It's always good to have more company on a journey.
I'd love to take a shot at a Sakura Empire sport. Like archery. Or maybe kendo?	Getting lost in a foreign land is no big deal as long as you've got friends.
I asked for a flexible outfit and this is what I got. I agreed to give the team a hand and I'm gonna help as much as I can. I'd feel bad if I didn't.	Waving a flag around might look easy but it's sweaty work Oh crap sorry. I shouldn't be doing that.
Fun fact: it was Bremerton who came to me for help. I know right? Even the ever-reliable Bremerton needs a hand sometimes. I was just as surprised as you.	Eep! D-don't touch me there
Mission rewards are in. This calls for a bottle of champagne.	Nice job out there! I like to think you heard me cheering for you. Hahahah! All that matters is you remember we're all waiting for you back at port.
A commission's been completed! The girls definitely deserve a li'l victory gesture.	Change to top gear! Pedal to the metal!
Hands-on action is more my style than cheerleading is!	This little one is a Hellcat endlessly useful in so many battles. Hehe.
Maybe there's nothing really special about me I'm not the type to stand out in a crowd but I as long as I can do things my way and be helpful to everyone that's good enough for me. Hehehe.	Mission rewards. How delightful. Hehe.
The ships you sent out on commission have returned. Shall we go greet them?	Onward without fear! For I stand behind you with all my might!
Am I the MVP? Ahahaha this victory belongs to all of us together.	Hm I must carry this lesson on to the next battle
Now it's your turn little planes. Be sa~fe!	We mustn't retreat yet!
Perfect. Our work goes exactly according to plan Yes now on to next month's plan	How will I spend my day off? I suppose I'll just lounge around by myself. That's how I like to relax after all. It's not like I have any particular hobbies or anything Aha ahaha
Good morning Comman– Oops yeah that's chocolate on my lips Umm I promise I was just taste-testing the yummy chocolate I made for you and not at all gorging myself on it I-it's okay even if I was?	It's a little embarrassing but I do always sleep with this little one here
A pajama party? I want to go I wonder if Independence would be interested	These are my favorite pajamas They aren't too childish?  They suit me? Ahahaha Th-thanks
Beagle tally ho!	*cries* I lost
Welcome back master. I've prepared the tea. Furthermore I've sorted the documents over here. Please work at your leisure.	Is something the matter master?
In order to become an excellent master you must start from self confidence. Please do your best to turn your will into action master.	Do you want some tea? Ah if you want something else I'll prepare some coffee or whiskey.
Aimlessly touching a lady is not a gentlemanly behaviour. Please behave yourself around others.	It's a maid's duty to dedicate her all to her master. Would you like to see master?
A new mission has been given to us master. Please confirm it.	Your rewards have been delivered Master.
There's a new letter. Shall I read it for you master?	Welcome back master. I've readied some light snacks over here.
Master the ladies who went off for commissions have been waiting for you to greet them.	I won't let you down.
It's a maid's duty to remove their master's obstacles.	Oh my I didn't spend as much effort as cleaning up a stain in a tablecloth.
Please retreat first master. I still have some matters to attend to.	Dear enemies this is going to be a little bit painfu
Everyone the main dish has yet to come!	Correcting her master is also a maid's duty
I'm terribly sorry I'm still new to this fleet so I'm somewhat unfamiliar with my duties and cannot serve you at 100% capacity Please look forward to my continued service.	This is something I made using the connections I have to the fleet. Please have a taste -- Is the taste to your liking?
It is important to observe your intentions sensitively. Especially intentions that you yourself are not aware of master I'm mean you say? Hehe. Recently I've come to enjoy your troubled look a little. By all means please forgive me.	Are you awake? Hehe your sleeping face was so cute I couldn't bear waking you up How did it feel resting on my lap? You are free to enjoy it to your heart's content
Now this is a little troubling I'm fine with simply protecting you my master as well as occassionally enjoying your troubled look But with such an important bond being formed I've become wanting to serve you even more as well as receiving more of your attention master	Happy Valentine's Day Master. I poured my gratitude and affection into this chocolate. It contains my feelings humble as they may be. I ask you to be so gracious as to accept it.
Master you know while we may be ships we are also people and as such we want to do things for those we cherish and respect to express our gratitude and our love. What's that? I think saying anything more would be unbecoming of a Lady of the Royal Navy don't you?	Happy Valentine's Day Master. Today I offer you not only my compromising service as a Royal Maid but also my sincerest affections as a woman.
Thank you kindly for taking the time to come here Master. As you can see Little Bel and I are making chocolate at the moment and– Ah you want to proceed straight to the taste-testing? As you wish. Here you are. I – or should I say we hope it'll be to your liking.	Is the flavour to your liking Master? I am honoured to hear that However I must ask you to not have too much at once as my sister and other Royal Maids will give you their chocolate shortly. You needn't finish mine today – I will gladly make more of it whenever you please.
Are you destined for me? Greetings Belfast from this moment onwards I will always be with you.	Are you destined for me? Greetings. Belfast from this moment onwards I will always be with you.
Is today the same as usual?	I'm not going to give up being your maid. Besides who could understand you better than me?
Master dear darlingsome hard choices to make. Or do you have other ideas?	Just do according to your own plans in my heart you will always be the best.
Wearing this makes it a little inconvenient to do thingsbut if you like it so much then just be a bit more patient	In comparison to standing behind you I can see more when standing beside you.
W-wait a momenthonestly I'm cleaning right now..	Anything interesting today? Tell me while we enjoy some dessert.
Am I getting used to my new role? You really asked me a tough question butthere's no sweeter question in the world.	Hehe Master why are you so stunned from seeing me? I thought you perhaps wanted to see me in a qipao was I mistaken?
Welcome back Master. I specially procured some different teas from the Dragon Empery. Which one would you like to try first?	The outfits of the Dragon Empery do have a certain charm. Perhaps I can give them a little recommendation to the rest of the maid team. What do you think?
A variety of culinary techniques and seasoning methods the food culture of the Dragon Empery is truly eye-opening.	It's customary in the Dragon Empery for everyone to get together on New Year's to have a banquet? Ahh so many people to serve my maid's soul is trembling!
Only a few girls from the Dragon Empery have joined our fleet. Because of that I can't afford to let them feel lonely.	Despite the fact that it is a holiday I am still ready to sortie.
I see Master. The biggest drawback of this qipao is its ability to rob you of your self-control.	I baked this pastry for a certain Master who is so absorbed in work to the point of forgetting to eat. Please enjoy it.
Master what do you think about handing some red envelopes to the hardworking girls still out on commissions?	Did you know Master all I can do for you is to learn from the cultures of the other camps in order to provide you with better service. But all this pales in comparison to all that you do for us on a daily basis yet you take yourself for granted What a lovable but also hateable person.
This is special cold-weather equipment inspired by Eagle Union designs. It was made for practical purposes such as special operations in frigid climates and as such was not designed with appearances in mind. Please do forgive me Master.	Welcome home Master. Your coffee is ready. Please enjoy it at your leisure.
It is only by maintaining a well-regulated lifestyle that one may keep a cool head and act appropriately when backed into a corner It is with this in mind that I Belfast serve my Master as a maid.	Madam Enterprise's cooking has improved noticeably. This is certainly thanks to Madam Vestal's lessons but no doubt the Master is another important reason.
Such a willful appearance a maid uniform is of course the appropriate dress for a maid is it not?	It would be nice if I spent more time with my sister hm? I must agree with you Master. I beg your pardon for making you worry so.
Do let us know if you have any needs that the Royal Maids might service.	I'm afraid this battle dress may not adequately satisfy you Master. I beg your pardon.
Welcome home Master. You may rest easy knowing the Royal Maids are here to protect you.	This power it certainly is not just for the sake of destruction.
A victory for the Master	Good evening. The Royal Maids will be chaperoning this event. It is my hope to prevent any inappropriate behaviour that might interfere with the enjoyment of the attendees. Please pardon any inconveniences this may cause.
Master are you pleased with the festivities?	It is a maid's duty in service to her master and Her Majesty to uphold the elegance of the banquet and safeguard it from disgrace.
Master the arrangements for the venue's security have already been made. Indeed Madam Ark Royal graciously offered her assistance. Be at ease.	Dear Sister let me handle the patrols. You go relax with your colleagues I just want Master all to myself? Goodness as if that has anything to do with it
Have a drink? Very well if you wish to drink I can certainly accompany you But I'm afraid these Sakura Empire wines are the only ones that No matter let us have that drink.	Master? Please have some self-respect. We are in public.
Please continue to enjoy the banquet Master.	Belfast of the Royal Maids reporting in.
Hehe~ Judging from your expression Master my outfit has not fallen short of your expectations. As time is precious allow me to serve you to the utmost on this date.	I am accustomed to being the one who makes the arrangements but occasionally letting others make plans for me has merits of its own. Master our next location is for you to decide. Hehe~ I'm looking forward to it.
Master what would you like for lunch? I prepared some Hmm? You're fine with just that? Master you can't have snacks as a meal.	This snack seems to be quite popular these days. Master would you like some? Here say ahhn~ Hehe so this must be a part of the reason why it's popular.
As a maid it is my duty to serve you. However so that you may leave a positive impression of yourself upon others I will entrust the duty of carrying these bags to you Master.	I should pick out some outfits for the other maids as well not just for me Of course I'll be doing the same for you Master. Hehe~
Holding hands?  Master there's something nostalgic about this feeling.	Even on a date one ought not be too impatient. Understood Master?
Master if you don't know where you'd like to go next why don't we just wander around for a while? Sometimes the most serendipitous sights are the most memorable of all.	Welcome table for one? Of course right this way. Oh? What is it? Ah I'm filling in for the manager at the moment so that makes you my customer rather than my master no?
Your menu. I would recommend our new offerings here. There is also a promotional campaign of which you might take advantage.	Whether serving my master or managing a restaurant it is my responsibility as a Royal Maid to handle it promptly and efficiently. Now then are you satisfied with my performance?
Miss Fubuki is rather excitable but she is a clever and hardworking girl. Just give her a bit of direction and she'll figure it all right out.	While the customer is free to order anything she wants as a maid I feel it is my responsibility to offer healthier suggestions. Particularly to the Union girls who order litres and litres of cola
Leading customers to their tables organising shifts management all of this would make a fine training program for the Royal Maids.	Yes what can I get for you?
While it is indeed a maid's duty to offer everything to her master Not to be presumptuous but you could consider the time and place.	Here is the pizza you ordered. Do take your time and enjoy it.
It took me quite some time to prepare a suitable traditional Sakura Empire outfit. Terribly sorry. Master won't you please allow this Belfast to serve you for another year?	Happy New Year Master. The maids have prepared you some New Year's dishes from the Sakura Empire. Please enjoy.
Master is there something I can do for you? Holiday or no I am here to serve your every wish.	An elegant fan emphasizes its holder's poise. Would you like to hold one Master? Hehehe.
I was concerned that traditional Sakura Empire attire might hinder my maid work but rather it's easier to move than I thought.	Madam Hiei instructed me in the ways of Sakura Empire cuisine. In exchange the Royal Maids will assist her with her next banquet. Do look forward to it Master.
Master if you're tired please take a rest here.	Everything has its time and place Master.
You want me to join you for a shrine visit? I'd be delighted. Your Belfast will gladly accompany you.	My liege I've been waiting for you. Have you prepared to face your toughest enemy today – your work?
My liege would you like to have a bout with me? Of course not a serious match but just something to deepen our bonds Next time since you've got other work to focus on you say? Understood. Whenever you're ready please let me know.	I much prefer fighting one-on-one compared to the disorder of a melee. There's a huge difference between focusing on one enemy versus taking stock of the big picture after all.
Hm? There are marks of wear on these gloves? How careless of me. I shall prepare a new set right away.	My liege your expression Did something bad happen? If you need someone to give you a push I'd love to be of assistance.
Well then I shall accept this duel Oh um you were just giving me some work to do?	Shall I take this as a provocation?
Is this how you show your gratitude toward your subordinates? Duly noted.	If you think of your missions as a duel with an invisible enemy your efficiency will go up.
These are the rewards for your completed missions. Please accept them as the spoils of the victor.	Mail? Is it a challenge to a duel? Please prepare Huh? That's not the case?
My liege good work out there Um your cuff and collar are all ragged How about changing out first?	The commission team has returned. To be rewarded for one's toils is precious indeed.
The stronger I get the greater my odds of victory.	A one-on-one battle shall have to wait for another day.
I present this victory to you with pleasure my liege. Of course it shan't be my last victory either.	While we may look past our failures we must not ignore what led to them
Come we'll settle this with a duel!	Purge all distractions. I'll fight with a level head!
Only those with pride have the privilege to wield a sword in a duel. My liege you still have much work to do to earn it.	Though I was christened after a goddess of war I'm not particularly fond of it. The only value I find in wielding a sword is in the pure enjoyment of the world of duels.
Once I grasp my blade the only thing in my sight is my enemy. In that moment the sole thought in my head is to devote my all to defeating them.	It's unfair to judge victory or defeat based solely on swordsmanship unless those involved are experienced. What I'm saying is what is your area of expertise my liege? Of course I'm curious but I was also wanting to try something that doesn't involve a sword.
If you're interested in learning more about me how about we spar for a bit to our hearts' content? There's nothing that brings closer than that. Hehe I'll show up on time but I'll leave the time and place to you. I'm sure you wouldn't play dirty with me my liege. Would you?	It is the destiny of man to wither away with the passage of time. However even if my passions wither with the passing of time I find that my emotions only mellow and become more robust as if a fine vintage. You are the first person I've desired something more than swinging swords with so Please don't let me down.
I made this for you my liege. It is chocolate filled with my sincerest gratitude. I'd be truly honoured if you would accept it. Straight to the point you say? Yes. Skirting around the rules to win a duel would be nothing but disgraceful. Especially so when you're my partner my liege.	Welcome back. While I do not enjoy being outnumbered it would be quite boorish of me to mouth off when there is a mountain of work to take care of. Let us do our best together.
You don't have to put in so much effort into maintaining your appearance to look nice but putting in some effort to straighten things out makes you look much cooler. Alright I feel great standing here by your side. Hehe.	If you are planning on going far away please allow me to escort you my liege. Hm? No need to ask for permission you say?
Quite a strange way of asking someone on a date if you ask me.	My liege good work out there. Here you go. I brought you a change of clothes so you can continue to maintain your appearance while you work on your documents.
Even this victory shan't be my last. I've already told you haven't I? Hehe.	My liege No excuse me I should be calling you Master right? Bellona of the Royal Maids reporting in. My you seem quite lost for words I'll explain the situation to you later so don't worry about it.
Good day to you dear Master. Please give me your orders whatever they may be. I am always ready to use my blade Ahem I am at your beck and call.	I have always been curious about the kinds of work that Dido and the others always do. I had always thought that the work the maids did was not very difficult but actually it's quite comparable to fighting in a melee.
When I think of the dust as my enemy in a duel it's like fighting a phantom enemy that refuses to fight you face-to-face. I can only hope that there aren't that many.	Hmm These windows with bump marks are hard to remove so they should be dealt with as an emergency As for the furniture let's just replace them.
Looking at a room after a deep cleaning makes you feel a sense of accomplishment. The feeling of not even seeing a speck of dust feels as good as beating a very strong enemy in a duel.	Let us clean up any unnecessary trash there might be.
You shouldn't underestimate the power of the Royal Maids.	Were you encouraging me? Please do not fret. My studies regarding the duties of a maid have been going quite swimmingly.
Welcome back dear Master. Please take a nice rest until our next battle begins. Allow me to take your soiled clothes from you.	Stop touching my ears! I told you already they're real! I-I'll bite you!
I'm so cute! The cutest in the universe!	If you don't talk to me enough then I'll stop being a bunny! Woof woof!
Whoa! I actually fell asleep! Could this be because of that fabled super hypnosis thing?!	A mission? No problem! Easy peasy! Bring it on whatever it may be!
Come on come on! Give me a reward!	Were you thinking about how badly you wanted to come back and meet me~? Come here I'll give a positively explosive hug!  Hm? Fine I'm sorry I'll put away the dynamite J-just hold on a minute~
My cuteness level has gone up even higher!	It won't be as simple as going back to the title screen if we get a game over~
Hoho! Even the most cunning fox couldn't best a rabbit like me!	Benson is invincible!
Oh evil being who conspires against cuties in the name of the moon I will punish you!	Ahah! What's that tasty-looking snack you've got there?
This Valentine's I bring you Voila! A scale chocolate figurine of Benson your Queen of Cuteness! Now you can always keep your sweetheart close to you and bask in her love! Well always until whenever the chocolate goes bad	Fighting for love and peace this Halloween night it's none other than the pumpkin-style Planet Bunny cutie pie Benson!
Yeah? If you need any help just say the word. My schedule's pretty packed too but I can always squeeze in some time to take on your orders.	Big sis? Who me? Ahh you mean the lead ship. I respect Cleve just as a sister ship. Hahahah!
We *are* an improved model but we didn't end up as carriers like Bataan and our improvements aren't extensive enough to call us part of a subclass. The differences are more obvious through our looks and personalities though.	A friend always deserves help even if you yourself are in a tough spot. That's what no man left behind is all about. Ain't that right?
Check out my gear. Nobody's got better AA than I do. You bet your butt it'll shoot down bogeys like back in the Turkey Shoot.	Well done on that sortie. From this point on I'm gonna assume you'll always return triumphant.
Those commission team girls are back. Let's go check what rewards they've brought. They might have a surprise for us.	With great power comes great responsibility. That couldn't be more true.
Victory will come to us nice and easy!	Thanks for the backup guys.
Argh This isn't over yet you hear?!	No aircraft shall evade my sights!
Tsk This is nothing!	Look if you wanna do nothing all day do it without involving me.
I sometimes enjoy talking with people about what we do on our off days What? What's so weird about me bringing up people's hobbies? When I have time off I enjoy myself. I'm no workaholic you hear?	Guess it's just the two of us again. Heheh let's forget about work and have a fun chat. You know just relax. You wanna get some drinks and snacks? It's on me.
Zooming around from sea to sea can even get me feeling tired sometimes. But lately I've been having this thought This thought that here where you are is my home.	I used to think prestige meant dashing gallantly onto the battlefield But now I see how being by your side is just as No it's *more* prestigious than that idea.
Make sure you don't lose these got it? My Valentine's day chocolates aren't anything fancy but I worked long and hard to make sure they'd be delish. Make sure you enjoy them you hear?	I heard that everyone dresses up for the festival but no matter how different everyone may look they're still the same on the inside. Regardless of how my chocolate may be my feelings for you are unwavering. Ahaha how was it? Did I make your heart skip a beat?
You know how everyone always puts their unique spin on their Valentine's Day arrangements? I used to think all that stemmed from the very same feelings But is that really true? Maybe those feelings for you grow just as my chocolate-making skill has.	We're celebrating an overseas holiday hence my not-so-casual outfit today. Heheh what do you think? Looking slick?
A friend told me this look would totally steal your heart. So has it? Are you head over heels for me? Hahahah! I'm just kidding with you.	These Dragon Empery signs are really unique in a good way. I think they're fascinating.
The seat on this Manjuu cart is pretty small. I'd offer to share if there was more room.	Getting tired? Then let's catch a breather. Oh yeah could you pour me some wine? Let's have a toast. To a wonderful day!
I came up with something that could make our trip more interesting. How about we give the Manjuu a break and *you* pull the cart to our next destination? Hahahah! I'm just joking around.	My feelings for you haven't changed but yeah these clothes make me act really intimidating Maybe I'm getting into my role too much.
Let's take a ride to the party. Don't worry about the Manjuu I've seen how well he can drive What that wasn't your concern?	You oughta take today off at the very least. No need to be a busy bee and work day in day out.
Mental clarity is the key to keeping your cool on the battlefield. My sisters they all have the fortitude it takes.	Looks like someone here doesn't know proper manners.
Clear out the rest of these fools will you? Hahah guess there'll be no need for that.	Argh! Interesting!
I heard that this place is famous for its festivals with beautiful fireworks so I made sure to come dressed for the occasion What do you think? I'm even more beautiful? Well I couldn't let the fireworks be the only things leaving an impression upon you tonight! Ahaha just kidding~	I heard that this place is famous for its festivals with beautiful fireworks so I made sure to come dressed for the occasion What do you think? I'm even more beautiful? Well I couldn't let the fireworks be the only things leaving an impression upo
Even in the cold winter the thrill of watching fireworks with your friends warms you up. Ahahahah!	Being here with my sisters us all watching the fireworks together It's actually pretty nice.
Fancy my dress? You can have a closer look at it all you want later.	You wanna make like a firework and go bang or what?
The cast is all here. So what do we rehearse first? The part where we elope and live happily ever after? Hahahah!	You can't tell whether I'm playing the male or the female lead? Well I've not decided on that yet so I've read both their scripts. And don't worry I can dress the part if I go for the male role. Hahahah!
Why are you holding my hand? Are you asking me for a dance? Sure let's do it.	There's a letter for you. Be sure to read it. Who knows it could be from someone dear to you.
Someday I hope to see the sea return to its peaceful former state	I feel at ease when I'm with Cleve and my sisters. I believe this is what's known as a bond.
Is this amusing to you?	Mission rewards have arrived. Perhaps there is ice cream in Oh um never mind that.
Mail for you. My intuition tells me it's good news. If it's bad news I will help you digest it.	It is good to see you unscathed. I suggest taking a break.
Every little bit counts in the end. The worth of this commission will become clear one day.	This enhancement was necessary for me to keep advancing.
Time is money so let's strike quickly! I will lead the way!	The next battleground awaits. I will stay on my guard.
What could I have done differently	Full speed ahead!
They have superior firepower! This may be bad!	Being a light cruiser I can't markedly affect the war However I firmly believe that the power to protect the sea rests within me.
You think I'm overly stoic? True but I must be in order to repel the darkness that envelops the sea.	A smile? Like this? That is an unusual order to issue. That is not to say I dislike it *Giggle*
I strive to do all I can by myself but that didn't turn out so well this time I made this Valentine's chocolate for you and my sisters as thanks for all you do. It's probably not the best you've ever had but I hope you'll taste the feelings put into it.	Is it time to sortie? Please wait. I must park my ride somewhere first.
A bicycle must be maintained regularly so I asked U-47 for advice and help. One day I need to offer her a favor in return.	It seems the academy has no bicycling club Perhaps I should petition to create one Hmm
U-47 how about we go on a bicycling trip the next time you're off duty?	When snow falls over the farmlands it kills off crop-eating insects and keeps the soil at a stable temperature. Then when the snow melts it waters the earth Now I can see why they call it fruitful snow.
Princeton I'm pretty sure that aerial maneuver you learned from Saratoga is only good for pranking people	Ice cream doesn't melt so easily when the temperature drops. Is it weird to talk about ice cream in the middle of winter? Oh. Now I know
The family all gathering to make dumplings while they chit-chat I like the sound of this Dragon Empery tradition. It warms the heart.	You want to hold hands? My hands are a bit chilly but if you don't mind that then sure.
Apparently tying your hair up into buns like this is the norm in the Dragon Empery Huh? It's not?	Since you love learning let's get right into it. We'll start on the beach. Don't worry I wouldn't just throw you into the ocean from the start.
The windsurfing speed record is apparently over a hundred kilometers an hour. It's wild that you can go that fast from just riding the wind Hmm I don't think Cleve has ever experienced that before.	Wish Biloxi and her gals would give this a shot Actually no they've got their own hobbies. The reason I chose this one is because I'm true to myself!
Watersports at the academy don't seem particularly big but that's probably because we see enough water as shipgirls. Or I just don't know about it	That's it keep the sail leaned. You're getting the hang of this.
Do you really expect you'll maintain your balance while doing this?	Mission rewards have arrived? Sweet. Nothing beats ice cream on a hot summer day.
A letter? We'll check it later. Let's hope it's good news.	I saw you coming into the port. Great job out there now get some rest. Your surfing lesson can wait.
Must've been because I lost my balance huh Looks like I still have a lot to learn.	I look forward to working with you.
Is there something on my face?	Is there a problem? Perhaps my combat experience could prove useful?
Operation Rheinübung? I don't have fond memories of it	Keep your hands to yourself.
I am not good at expressing myself. Please do not tease me on purpose	Those who cannot finish their missions have no right to stand on the battleground.
I'm leaving the mission rewards over here	Be diligent about checking your mail.
You've done well. You've earned your rest.	The commission team has returned. I'll go greet them first.
Danke.	Follow me not Eugen. Come – we shall face our opponents no matter how numerous they may be!
Such honors may please a weakling but I am strong.	For tarnishing my pride next time you will pay with your lives.
Truth can only be found within our range!	Everyone get behind me.
Stay out of my sight.	I am not so easily impressed.
Why are you staring at me? Do I have something on my face? I'm pretty you say? Um thank you	I know that I'm not the best with words but.. I want you to know that I enjoy being at your side
As the leader of the Iron Blood no. This is a present from me personally. Compared to engineering techniques or political negotiations I can't say this is any specialty of mine. Still I'd be happy even if you just accepted my feelings.	Happy Valentine's. This chocolate is to thank you and to wish you well my trusted comrade. Ah so it's true True that it brings relief to have someone you can count on.
Looking back now the port has felt so alive recently. Perhaps that's because you're doing a good job managing all the different factions' expectations. I poured my heartfelt gratitude into these chocolates. I hope you enjoy them.	A small knight told me you'd be coming. Heehee she's become so attached to you. As for your chocolate I have it here. And don't you worry – I will always welcome you inside my workshop should you decide to stop by.
I can keep a lot of people satisfied merely by sitting here with a smile but only because of my status as the fleet leader of the Iron Blood.	A dance? Oh no I wouldn't turn one down I just haven't been asked until now
A decoration for the banquet? Splendid work.	Let us raise our glasses to the heroes who have returned from battle.
Once the commission fleet has finished dropping off their supplies let's invite them to the banquet as well.	Welcome what would you like to order? If you want we can drop this charade. I'm not used to being a waiter anyway so I prefer it this way. Hehe.
Oops I almost wrote down the usual for your order Ahem what would you like?	I feel far more at ease here than when I'm busy with research or the Iron Blood. I really hope that you feel the same way that I do.
Truthfully speaking this outfit feels more like that of a waitress than that of a maid Though I've been told there's not really much of a difference	Tirpitz compile today's sales data and send it to Friedrich. Figuring out what to do with the data we've collected is her specialty.
Eugen did tell me she wanted me to try this physical contact thing with you.	*sigh*
A new mission I wonder who would be the best fit for it.	The remunerations for the missions we've completed are here. I'm sure Graf and the others will be ecstatic to hear.
Here's your mail. I hope it's not an order of coffee from Mainz	This cup is a prize for the hero who has graciously returned from the battlefield.
Looks like the fleet has returned from their commissions Thiele I'll leave them to you.	I can take on any number of them!
Data collection is complete. Take solace in the fact that you'll be useful after your demise.	I never thought I'd be standing in front of you in this outfit like this. Still whether it was fated or not I'm glad that you were able to see a different side of me Hm. This cup's on me. Please enjoy yourself hehe.
Heheh Doesn't seeing me make you all happy?	Being able to meet you is like a dream come true! Mmhmm I've never been happier!
It's me the girl who's more in love with you today than she was yesterday~	Heheh No comparing me to anyone else~
Heheh Another unforgettable memory made with you!	Heheh You've got new messages including a love letter from me! Don't forget to read it!
The commission team is back~ Wonder if they found any goodies out there?	Heheh Have you fallen even deeper in love with me?
As long as you keep your eyes on me I'm toooootally invincible!	Heheh Crushiiing victory!
Anything's possible when you have love!	Something's wrong with you but I still love you!
I need hugs from you to get the energy to do anything Heehee~ Hold me closer~ Clooooooooser!	Heheh Now begins another day of lovey-dovey cuddling and flirting together
It's me the girl who's so in love with you it's literally impossible to love you any more than this~	Heheh Hey Eugen~ Look who's the MVP~
Everyone keeps telling me to watch where I'm going! First it was Hipper now even Köln's saying it!	You'll stand in for Eugen and watch over me today won't you? Or should I watch over you instead sweetheart? Heheh
Which do I look more like – a bunny or a mountain hare?	Hehehe–eeehh? Oh shooooot! I'm gonna fall!
Gotta take it carefully here!	Even I can't have it my way all the time. Hmph
I am the Longbow of Crécy and the Shield of the Realm By your will I am at your disposal.	A Maid? Me? Certainly not But I do know how to make some simple dishes and I suppose I could bring you some tea.
Phew	I sorted through the mission rewards but I'm not sure I did it right
Show them neither mercy nor pity	They're a fleet of smouldering hulks Not a single one left afloat.
I failed No it can't be	Wipe them out.
Do I carry on? Or do I retreat?	I've prepared you this Valentine's chocolate Master. Please eat it at your leisure. Oh uh I was trying to sound like one of the Royal Maids Was it an unconvincing impression?
You've made chocolate for ME this year? So it's like a trade? Okay I'm on board with that. Let's give it a taste Wow. I never knew Valentine's chocolate tasted like pure happiness. Did my chocolate also taste like this every time you had it?	I didn't think this swimsuit stood out so I was surprised when you still found me right away
The sea is a tempestuous battlefield and yet the beach is a relaxing Eden. What an incredible duality.	Beach volleyball? I've heard it's quite fun. Do you think I could give it a try?
The sand is so soft so fine. It feels so pleasant between my toes	It's the mail? Don't tell me our vacation is over already
Too much sitting wears out one's legs. Stretching out like this Aahhh yes that's much better.	Hah How should I spend this holiday? I think listening to music like this is quite nice Aahh
It's a holiday. No need to move no need to fight Now why not make every day a holiday?	Is this a festival custom?
The kitchen sure seems busy. What's going on in there?	Um sorry I got champagne all over you. I really feel bad about it Next time I'll be more careful.
Dido and Sirius seem to be busy with something Should I go help out too?	If every day was a party and there was no fighting to be seen that would be a pretty nice world.
You're not supposed to shake the champagne bottle if you're trying to drink from it normally huh I see	Want another glass? Mm coming right up~
What do you think the punishment for forgetting about your missions should be One glass or one bottle?	Mail? Is it a party invite? We're already at the party though
Another victory? Mm then another bottle is in order Huh what do you mean I don't need to pop so many?	Disappear like a fleeting bubble!
Shall I uncork a bottle to celebrate the victory?	The way to treat those important to you is to cherish them and share all your joys and sorrows with them right? Mm I'm glad to be sharing all my joy with you right now.
I had Hermione prepare some hot tea beforehand. Feel free to have some if you're feeling worn out.	Um want to talk about something? Uh I'm not exactly a great conversation starter but Huh just go with the flow?
You'd like me to mix a drink? I'm not sure I can do that but I can serve pre-made stuff	You're not the only one who comes to unwind. Sometimes other shipgirls stop by and if memory serves me properly there are some real heavyweights who can down an entire mug like it's nothing
What's it like to get sloshed? Do your eyes get all spinny? It's like you're in a waking dream?	Are you sloshed? Maybe you should get in touch with Dido and the others?
The best pitchers are always training. Yep!	Please keep my stats in mind!
With this ball I can sink a submarine!	What's this? Training to resist against attacks?
A new goal? I will not back down!	My balls have become even faster!
Go curveball!	Hmhmm~ As I thought I am the best pitcher.
Is this the end of the tournament?	Fly my fastball!
Someday I hope to stand on the podium of the sea with your lead!	Geesh you're humbling me You don't have to look so surprised over getting chocolate as thanks for everything you do for me You're curious about the box? Well remember the trophy I got from winning that baseball tournament? This is the box that trophy came in! Should I have put the chocolate in a regular box instead?
Voila! This chocolate trophy is yours! It's a tasty replica of the first-place trophy your coaching helped me win in the Port Baseball All-Star Game! It's somehow even heavier than the real deal but that's fine right?	My goal is the Major Le I mean submarine fighting a three strike finish!
I am here today because of Yorkie and Lady Lex. I have to give them my thanks!	Yes! Thanks for getting my ball!
Haha I'm used to this type of interference now!	It's time for work.
I can go underwater but I'm no submarine. I can't stay submerged for long	Yes let's try to relax
Mm I'm listening.	What exactly is this?
You want to know more about my mask?	I'll look after the place while you're gone so don't worry.
Here are the results from the commission Please look over them.	Strengthening complete. Preliminary inspection in progress
Take a deep breath. The battle is starting!	Battle completed. Safely.
Minimize the damage!	Even if you can't see my face directly I want you to know that as long as I'm by your side I'll always be smiling from the bottom of my heart.
They're antennas not rabbit ears Would rabbit ears have been better?	I don't really mind showing you my face but umm that means
Breathe in breathe out That feels nice Phew	Umm is there anything you need from me?
I bet you haven't read the mail from last time yet. That's what I wrote in my log last time	Oh there's some paper stuck on your clothes. Let me wipe it off It should be okay now I think?
I I'll never get used to wearing this outfit in front of others I think	Deep breaths I'll never get used to wearing this outfit in front of others I think
Honolulu you don't like standing out either? T-then how about relaxing over here with me?	The music is a bit too loud for me
My handkerchief? Ah umm thank you	I I don't think you should be doing this *blush*
Is something wrong with my rabbit ears?	Um I decided to try on a costume since it's Halloween and all Do you think I got that witchy look down?
A long long time ago in a castle far away from here there once was a witch who could grant people's wishes Um I'll tell you the rest of the story later. It's quite a long story.	Witches won't stand out much compared to zombies and Frankenstein's monsters or so I thought.
Phoenix um I'm planning on watching the parade from here so I can't really participate in it with you	Y-You scared me!
What do you think about this witch's hat?	W-was that a will-o'-wisp just now?
These Dragon Empery clothes look good on me? It's rather revealing and breezy and makes me feel self-conscious but if you like it I suppose it's fine	The fragrance of herbs makes me feel great Maybe they really do have healing properties
Hiding one's face behind a fan is an established custom here Huff	I didn't expect Marblehead to be so familiar with Dragon Empery customs She really knows her stuff H-huh she's just trying to sound smart?
The food sure smells amazing Man I'm totally starving Oh um it's n-nothing!	Phew I-is the battle over now?
Anything I will perform any task if you think I'm suited for it. Ah I'm just saying IF! Please don't go out of your way for me if it's more trouble than it's worth.	Gorizia you're not like me – you can keep fighting I'm doomed to stay like this forever
I've gathered the documents for your meeting. What would you like me to do next? Please don't hesitate to give me orders.	I should start thinking about how to spend my next day off Maybe doing something where you can still call me in at a moment's notice
Yes? I will do anything you deem me suited for.	Wh-what are you doing?
We have been informed of new missions. Please stand by until all ships have received the sortie order.	Mission complete. Mhm this is good.
The commission team has arrived in port. Phew I'm glad they're okay.	I'm steadily becoming stronger. Thank you.
Allow me to prove myself in combat!	Victory is ours. Let's move – our friends are waiting for us.
We have failed. I knew I'm not cut out for this	Bolzano commencing bombardment!
I don't want to be locked up in the dock again!	Please stay away from us! You don't deserve any support from the girls with how you are acting now.
I'll take my leave now if that will be all Zara asked about me? Oh Well I'm perfectly fine. Forgive me for making her worry	You're still worried about me? I appreciate the concern Zara may be right with what she said about me inadvertently distancing myself from people
You'd like to take me somewhere on your day off? If that's your order then okay Um I'm afraid I don't have a favorite movie! I prefer things like books and theater over movies you see	I'm sorry for ruining it by forgetting about you and bursting into tears from the performance I've always been so easily moved by these kinds of stories And that's despite how overjoyed I was that you invited me to see the play
Um I'm hesitant to say this after you've been so kind to me but are you sure I'm the one for you? I just sincerely hope you're not giving me this out of pity or concern. If not then Then I'll g-gladly accept!	You'd like to have a word? Of course you can tell me anything! You believe in me so it's the least I can– Oh it's nothing especially important?
Trento pampers you far too much on a regular basis No I really don't have the right to say that considering I'm so dependent on you.	A tea party? Oh I'd love to accompany you on one! Heehee I can hardly wait.
Would you like to watch a play with me on your next day off? I-I'll try to pick one that won't make me weep like a baby!	Welcome back! Please get some rest for the time being. This port – YOUR port – is a safe haven.
I feel ready for anything right now. To battle!	I can't let this turn into a streak of defeats Ugh
Heheh heheheh Oh sorry! I couldn't help but laugh at the main actress' performance It feels like I've been laughing a lot today? That's because I'm over the moon just like that actress and I've wanted to smile.	This is improper attire for a secretary A-are you sure you don't mind?
So this is Swan Lake I believe there's one production where everyone is left inconsolable in the end. I'd probably cry if I saw that one	While my outfit bears some resemblance to Arizona's the overall styles differ considerably. Oh Zara didn't say that!
You don't know whether it's right or not to look at me? Um should I change clothes after all? Although then my rehearsals won't feel right	Am I doing something wrong?
Oh gosh	I'll try my best!
I just hope this was thanks to my cheering Wait I'm the MVP?	I believe that Tempesta girl has her sights on the port's treasure. Then again the treasure you know of isn't exactly buried or hidden is it? Heehee.
How will we bring this treasure back to the port I wonder Oh they're simply props so I don't have to worry about it?	O-only because we're alone out here okay?
Outstanding work. Would you like to rest for a while with me?	The commission team has returned. If anyone is lugging real treasure around it has to be them.
Looks like you showed up to work on time. Though it may be your duty your strength of will is admirable.	This music box? Ah it lost its voice many years ago but I figured it'd be a shame to throw it out so I held onto it.
I would like you to hold on to the armaments I've used instead of throwing them out. That way when I look upon them I will be able to remember those who fought at my side.	Let me check that list one more time. I'd like to prevent any failures from small mistakes getting overlooked.
That object on your desk looks like quite the antique. Where did you get it? Oh it's no big deal it just happened to catch my eye	Cut to the chase. I prefer keeping things to the point.
I wonder when I'll be able to fix this nasty habit of yours.	We've been issued a new mission. Let us strive to not let the other party down.
Done with the mission already? You work pretty efficiently.	Here's some mail for you. Oh Don't mind me. I suddenly felt like putting pen to parchment for some reason
Have you returned safely? The battlefield is cruel indeed. Do not allow a single victory to make you forget that fact.	The commission team has returned to port. Hurry and go see them - you made a promise and ought not to break it.
Thank you. Call upon me for your next sortie.	The smell of gunpowder Yes I have returned to the battlefield once more!
I won't let anyone down regardless of who it may be.	Valhalla will have to wait For now we retreat!
I'll run you through!	Hardly even a scratch.
Further displays of weakness will only earn you more contempt from me.	I love antiques. When I look at them I feel as if I'm being transported back to a bygone era. But for me the word past refers to something far far more distant.
My love for antiques is akin to a yearning for something one cannot have. If I were born in that era how would my life have been differentI wonder if thinking this way is just human nature?	Have you ever wanted to go back in time? To feel nostalgia from your youth experience something again or resolve something you regret..? Do you ever think about those things?
So your desire for a better future outweighs your nostalgia for your past? Quite the astute answer. Then promise me this—don't stop until you reach that future you dream of. If you ever feel like giving up I'll be there to remind you of this promise you made with me.	One day when I look at this ring engraved with the runes of time I may remember the moment we first met. Let us hone one another as we press forward as bearers of the same great responsibility
Rather than questions such as Does Valhalla exist or Where do souls go after death? What matters to me is that I hold the hand of my beloved as long as my heart still beats.	I want you to share your feelings with me whether they are good or bad.
*sigh* Just do what you want	So you've returned safely. The fact that you've returned from countless battles unscathed proves that you are no ordinary human. Hehehe.
I admire your determination to cross over but our time has not yet come. Let us retreat.	Oh you're back? Judging from how much you're sweating your battle must've been grueling as well In any case want to help untie this rope first?
Not only are we supposed to run with our hands tied behind our backs but we're also supposed to jump and carry bread in our mouths while we're at it This so-called sports meet is probably more entertaining for the crowd than for us.	Was that Isuzu and some Meowfficers that just sprinted past us? What kind of event are they participating in?
Racing is a sport that originated a long time ago. Try as I might however I can't understand all of the weird rules that have been added to it	I'm grateful that you brought me something to drink but I can't exactly bring it up to my mouth right now
You're really such a Once you untie this binding I'm going to give you a piece of my mind.	Victory at all costs!
Heh. This point now belongs to me!	I guess even I have my off-days
You look kinda moody Wait is that my cue to like go buy you a drink?	Do that again and you'll regret it real bad you hear?
Are these missions tough stuff? Hmm Maybe I'll take a look see if there's anything I can help with.	Mission's been completed. We haven't claimed the rewards yet though. Come on head out and get 'em!
Got a letter for you here. If it's nothing important I could read it for ya.	Hooray! It feels like I've grown in some way! Or somewhere but I dunno where that'd be
All right! Let's do this!	Heheh! Lookit or not I'm a Baltimore-class so these chumps were easy-peasy!
Oops Uhh I think I messed up somewhere	Say goodnight!
I mighta been a bit too careless	Welcome to Bremerton's counseling corner! So whatcha got on your mind? Hang on what? You just wanna chat? So you want counseling on how to find a chat buddy basically?
Things I like besides fighting? I chat people up all the time and give counseling over social media sooo I guess I like hanging out with people? Oh hang on gotta check this Juustagram message. One sec	I know you're used to listening to everyone else's troubles but you can talk to me about whatever's on your mind. Oh if you wanna talk through text instead you can always DM me over Juustagram.
Welcome to Bremerton's counseling corner. Love's in the air – and on your mind am I right? Hang on lemme guess what you're thinking You're hoping to get my chocolate before anyone else's aren't ya? Well here ya go!	Here ya go! A drink a small packed lunch and some snacks from a bunch of peeps. Might be a bit much all in all but think of it as proof of how much people love you!
I see Baltimore's out there being a hero like always She should take a break sometime to focus more on fashion and other stuff girls do.	Hohoh! You like that huh~ You wanted to feel it for youself am I right?
*sigh* I always ask myself if you have to go into battle every time I see you leave but at the same time I wish I could be styling with you on the battlefield Guess my feelings are pretty mixed on this.	*gulp* *gulp* Phew I'm coming back to life! Coach thanks for practicing with me all this time!
Gah it's freakin' hot I just wanna hit the showers and then flop around in bed until it's time to sleep Oh gotta update my Juustagram Ehh forget it I'm not gonna bother today.	Coach if you're thirsty you can take a sip from my water bottle. Don't sweat the small stuff go for it!
Seems like Cooper is having a match with some Sakura Empire girls over on the next court. Coach wanna go take some sports drinks over to them in a bit?	Wanna have a friendly match? Er actually scrap that. There's no way I'd be able to beat you Coach.
Now that I'm all sweaty and gross I can't just ask to lean on your shoulder can I? Ahaha	I was an idiot for thinkin' you wouldn't try something when my guard is down
Got a letter for you Coach. If it's nothing important I could read it for ya.	Unlike Baltimore I guess I'm really not built for this kind of exercise
That commission team's come back! This is your chance to charm 'em Coach!	Stop right there evildoers! You've managed to evade justice all this time but the hour of judgment is finally upon you! Hmm making the perfect flashy debut is pretty tough isn't it?
Have you seen Ning and Ping's mad acrobatic skills? The stuff they can do legit blows my mind	Hi-yaaah! Oh yeah nailed it! Aw hang on Juustagram DM just came in!
My final move! Spinning Bird: Thunder Whip! Ow ow ow! Lesson learned: this move's too advanced for my lacking motor skills	Ooh that's good Your muscles get real stiff after so much action.
Heheh you really wanna taste my kung-fu fury that badly?	I know hairbuns are cliché but I wanted to change up my style y'know?
Mission donezo! Got another scene coming up so we'd better go get those rewards now.	Commission team just got back. You know what that means: we gotta give 'em a true kung-fu hero welcome!
C'mon show me what ya got!	I reckon we've done enough shopping for the moment. Let's stop and chill here for a bit then have another look around~
You're worried about my counseling service? Don't worry I put up a sign saying it's closed for the day. Hehe now that you know focus on our date~	Affection's somethin' that goes up bit by bit so don't underestimate the power of dates!
You want a taste? Ah No need to get all flustered about it go ahead! Take a sip!	Obviously we're gonna walk all around town when we're on a date! Let's head over to that store next!
You wanna rest up a bit more? Haha I guess I am the one who invited you out~ Hmm all right. Let's stay here for a bit longer.	What's your endgame here?
Welcome to Bremerton's counseling corner! Actually I came up with this idea just for you since you're always working so hard Tadaaah~! I've prepared us some matching sleepwear~	Ah I see. I think I've got the perfect solution for your problem Hey was that? A Juustagram notif! Wait no helping you with your problem comes first!
I call this a counseling corner but it's really just a repurposed section of my own room. Hey stop surveying the place!	You're welcome! I can't do athletic stuff like Baltimore but counseling is a piece of cake!
Hmm I can't decide on the last photo to post to my Juustagram Which do ya think looks the be– Wait that album is off limit!	Heheh pretty comfy rug right? Whaddya say we lie down?
Hey uh Sorry but I'm in counselor mode right now	Hang on I'mma go fetch the aroma lamp! Lemme know if you want a particular scent.
Yo commission team is back. Let's go talk to 'em – we'll continue your consultation sesh after!	I was told your desk can transform and your bookshelf has a secret mechanism I'm disappointed neither of those are true.
The forecast saaays Awesome! It'll be sunny tomorrow! Can't go mystery-solving in the rain you know!	My uniform looks pretty doesn't it?
Sure praise me for my investigator skills all you want~	Mission complete! I'll write up a report of my findings right away!
New mail? Could it be a request to look into a paranormal case?	A commission's been completed! Data 857 go see if the girls brought back any strange goodies. And watch out for k-kelp!
Firepower upgrade complete! New depths to explore are now within my reach!	Bristol Investigation Team setting off!
Crushing victory! Heheh! Now we can keep investigating in peace!	Fiddlesticks! Agghh No regrets
Your biggest mistake was underestimating this investigator!	Hmph Our adventure went so badly all because you went and got the kelp curse put on you!
If that'll be all do you mind if I go for a stroll around port? Awesome! Come along Data 857!	Hehehe! Now we're mystery-solving partners! We'll go wherever there are clues to be found be they at sea in the skies or on land!
I had a dream. I dreamt that the two of us went to the distant North on an investigation and ran into trouble. When we came to some weird people were ordering us to make chocolate and this is what we managed to bring back! Uhh it looks terrifying doesn't it? Sorry about that	Kelp is really gross to me Never mind eating it I can't even touch the stuff!
Data 857 and I are ready to go just give us the word! It's not time just yet? Fine I'll check my gear again in the meanwhile!	My tie's all crooked? Thanks for telling me!
S-so that's your favorite part of me huh	There's kelp on my head Agghh No regrets
Investigator task for today: gather anecdotes about Dragon Empery legends and folklore! But that's for after I've enjoyed the festivities.	Sorry for dropping in unannounced Tai Yuan. I was just wondering could I borrow some books from you again? Cool thanks a bunch!
Assuming a legend is a story embellished by people from many generations ago then what is the kernel of truth that inspired it all?	Where's Data 857? Ingraham's doing maintenance on it. The little bot deserves a break too once in a while.
If the legends are true then that makes this fish – the Kun – the biggest aquatic monster to ever exist!	Allen picked these clothes out for me! Hehehe~ How do I look in them?
Whoa! Hey! Don't startle me like that!	Cooper I could use more soap liquid! Thanks! Come blow bubbles with me! Hehehe~
You came just in time. A few files need your signature.	This information is confidential so please keep it a closely guarded secret.
It's important to communicate with other nations.	Please don't stare at me in such a weird way.
I may be a diplomat but don't even think about underestimating my power.	Completing missions is a good way to demonstrate our capabilities. Please take a look at some of the new missions.
Though it may be tough for everyone completing commissions like this will help raise our reputation. Let's start another one as soon as possible.	Power is the foundation of gunboat diplomacies. Thank you.
Fire at will! I have you covered!	Now then let us talk about reparations.
Now we won't have an advantage during the negotiations	Deterrence is also a part of diplomacy
I wish to fight only for you to give you the upper hand Maybe I am no longer suited to be the entire fleet's diplomat.	Thank you now I have more confidence in managing the fleet's affairs. Hm? I may act on your behalf for a little? What a pleasant joke.  At any rate I will not let you down.
When it comes to diplomacy gifts play an important role to some extent but this is a gift from me to you. There's no deeper meaning behind it other than my fondness of you.	I was considering giving you some Valentine's chocolate since that's the conventional thing to do but after carefully thinking about your situation I decided to go with something more practical. Paying too much attention to messaging sometimes blinds you to the actual needs of others isn't that right?
I've left your Valentine's gift on your desk. You'll have to find out for yourself what it is. After all the buildup to opening a gift is part of the fun. It's quite romantic wouldn't you say? Hehehe. When special occasions like this come around I feel like being a little more cheeky than usual.	This year I thought I'd get you something that will increase your office productivity. You like these don't you? Use it while sipping tea and I'm sure Oh you found it? Yep it's hot cocoa. That's my real gift. Heehee. Surprised?
I was thinking you'd be back soon since you think about the fleet	The best thing I can do is submarine subjugatio
If you need the secretary to even notice the progress of your missions then you are truly an idiot.	Are you so lazy that you don't even want to collect the rewards?
You are low on [communication power] but please read your mails properly	This was a given. Please don't touch my head like I'm a child.
Sometimes we win sometimes we lose. It's not such a big deal.  Tsk	Lil B Lil X I'm counting on you
Yes?	The fleet? Hmm I can't say that I like it but I don't hate it either
Thank you for being patient. As I'm sure you'd rather not be seen receiving chocolate from such a small girl I decided to bide my time until there was no one else around. While I could've simply left a note like last year giving it to you personally feels more meaningful.	Right now another place out there is being engulfed by the flames of war
All resistance is meaningless before the Essex-class's attack formation.	Don't think I'm upset just because I have little to say. Just let me know if you need anything.
By the looks of things you won't learn your lesson without some harder-hitting experience.	Missions should best be completed in a timely manner.
There are a ton of rewards? Of course.	The mail's here Wonder if there's any new intel?
You've returned? Very well. Why don't we prepare for the next sortie?	Pardon but I'll go greet the girls who are coming back from their commission. Just wait here until I report back.
I grow stronger yet again	Why did they choose to become our enemy?!
So this is the end that you all chose	Their power surpasses even the Dragon's Jaws?
Resistance is futile!	Why now of all times?!
I'd rather not talk to you right now.	There is no beauty in warfare. There is only ugliness in the suffering and loss of life we inflict upon each other.
Don't think I'm upset just because I have little to say. If anything I'm probably thinking about something or about how to express myself.	Something strange has been going on with my thoughts recently. Whenever I start thinking about things your face pops up in my head and makes it hard for me to stay calm
We were born as weapons of warfare and I thought that is all we would ever be. But having spent time with you I'm beginning to think that there's more to our lives than war.	Sorry My mind has gone completely blank I'm lost for words Oh that's right! I pledge loyalty and love to you until the end of time. How does that sound?
All resistance is meaningless before the Essex-class's Valentine's chocolate. It's in your best interest to accept my gift without a fight I'm sounding way too threatening? Oh dear sorry	I know it's Valentine's but still Sorry seeing you always makes me nervous. Listen how about this: you stay still and I'll stack the chocolates on Never mind. I feel like I'm making an offering or something
Just completed another game. Might be time to go ask the ghost for more recommendations.	Calm down Intrepid! You'll break the controller!
Ugh so many achievements left This game has too many damn things to do!	Nothing complements a gaming session like a refreshing Oxy-cola. Georgia was right all along.
You wanna play? The other controller's over there. You go first and if you can't beat the boss I'll help.	Dammit I'd better wrap this up
The commission team's back? I'll see to them in a minute. I need to get to a save point first.	This is the end you yourselves chose
I feel different from big sister? That's not true. She might not look it but she's actually kind	Ah~ Big sis didn't say much today Wha! N-nothing at all!
Ah where did my undies go? Eheh	This is comfy. Every time big sis scolds me she comforts me with this afterwards as well.
Hahaha this is good!	It's new mail. Wanna open it up right away?
Now I can reach for further waters~	Don't panicCalm down Let's go!
Aaah that was a great workout	Oof Big sis will lecture me for sure!
We've already had fun throughout the docks. How about we go some place farther? Just the two of us Heh heh heh	Do you want some Valentine's chocolate? Then here you go  I included my sister's chocolate too so if you can't finish it just leave it in the fridge.
I assume the reason you're here is my sister somehow roped you into this. Getting a scenic date instead of chocolate. Unfortunately you won't get your private time because I'm coming along too. Don't feel too bad about it though 'cuz I brought chocolate for both of you.	Royal submarines have always been elusive and mercurial. They've gotten the better of me in the past
My gun? I'm telling you it's real! I just don't have it loaded.	Don't disturb during work hours. I put this sign up so you can have your peace of mind!
Sì!	P-please don't tease your subordinates like that!
The missions are done and we have quite the rewards to show for it. If there were some non-material rewards though	The commission team has returned! I'm so glad that everyone came back safely.
I shall definitely become a better subordinate!	Victory is ours!
Ugh th-this subordinate will accept any punishment!	Locked on!
This isn't how it was supposed to be	From now on this subordinate shall serve you for life! That's not what it means? Um then I see! B-but can someone like me really be your partner?
Everything went so smoothly this year that I'm not sure what to comment on Uh that's not to say I was making anything elaborate not at all! Besides I can only make basic chocolate anyway Err please pretend you didn't hear that!	I can't help but to feel a little different when I put on these clothes. I know it's supposed to feel light and refreshing but instead I feel defenseless and nervous
If you're thirsty I brought some water. Here you go!	The warm sunlight the gentle breeze and an ice pop to beat the heat! That's the spirit of midsummer!
Wouldn't it be better to finish the missions first	Ugh I s-suppose I'm not cut out for this after all
I once said I wanted to be your bodyguard but when we're walking together like this it feels like you're guarding me instead. Would this be dereliction of duty? Ah! I wasn't saying that I disapproved of it! *sigh*	Time is of the essence. Let us quickly begin the day's work.
Although fighting on the front lines is not my specialty I'll give it my all if needed!	If possible I'd like to hear about what happened at the Battle of Casablanca from Massachusetts.
Eek?! I I've never read about stuff like this in my books before!	Mission complete! All right with these supplies your fleet operations should be even smoother.
I've finished checking the resources from the commission. Please confirm.	A head-on battle huh All right leave the air support to me!
First place me? Hmph. Fighting on the front lines might be easier than I expected.	There's only so much I can do on the front lines as an escort carrier
I will do everything in my power to protect everyone!	Gah This is starting to look impossible
So you were the greatest obstacle to the development of the fleet	First Ameer then Alazon Bay and finally Casablanca. Isn't it nice when your name bodes good fortune? Hehe~
I like movies and books. I adore stories with high and low points and emotionally touching scenes. As for my favorite genre that would be Umm it's a secret!	The Port's Carrier Weekly? It's featuring one of my sister ships? Th-that's a little embarrassing for me
Cheerleaders raise the morale of the players. It doesn't seem much different from the role of an escort carrier supporting those who are working hard on the battlefield.	Getting the choreography down isn't the hard part. It's being able to cheer so enthusiastically like Reno It's a bit too embarrassing if you ask me
Captain Reno I think your enthusiasm is nothing but commendable but wouldn't it be better to take a break now to conserve our energy?	Even though this squad was thrown together last minute thanks to the support of you and Craven I don't want to lose to the other factions!
The actual meet is coming up I've got to practice even harder!	I don't have anything you'd be interested in
Don't you have anything to say? I'm not great at starting conversations	Oh you want to know about my eyes? One of them is fake Can you guess which?
Everyone is back! That's good	Mmm I don't hate this feeling
Are you interested in shut-in girls?	Hm We have some uncompleted missions is that really fine?
Rewards have arrived Looks like we did well	New mail Aren't you going to take a look?
My sister said I'd die from boredom if I always stay in my room But we all die eventually anyway so what's the big deal?	Work is finished
Even if I get stronger I'd rather stay in my room	Well you're keeping me from my time off I need to teach you some manners!
What? That was it?	What a pain Might as well head back.
I wanna go home	Can't you just let me sleep for a while?
Hmm how should I say this If you're free would you like to take a nap together?	Here chocolate from me. I hope now you know even lazy girls can make chocolate sometimes Eh just kidding.
Up we go There. Thanks for carting me around. We done shopping now? We got the chocolate ingredients and the stuff Downes asked for so I think we're good. By the way I'm kinda surprised how light these groceries are. Well I guess they would be compared to how much I weigh.	So This one's regular this one's not as sweet this one has a fruity taste and this one has a dash of liqueur in it. Yeah I thought I'd try a bunch of different kinds this year. Downes and Laffey gave me a hand so they're all bound to taste great. Pick and choose whichever you want.
Mmh just staying together quietly like this might be pretty nice too.	I know I said we'd go shopping after school but walking is so exhausting I'll just hitch a ride in this cart. Looks sturdy enough
Huh? Is there something weird about me sitting in the shopping cart?	I think Downes works here part-time. Just hope she doesn't kerplode anything
You could stock up on instant noodles so you won't have to go shopping for food for a good while. I think it's a good idea.	Yeah? What? I'm not exactly hogging the entire cart to myself am I?
There's security cams in here you know	Anything interesting happen late– Aahh! For the love of Watch it where you put those ice-cold drinks!
My appearance? Right well my name derives from a mythological creature so that's why I look rather fantastical?	Peaceful carefree days certainly are lovely and yet I can't help but wonder from time to time why was I even born?
You want to try pulling my bowstring? Hehe it's harder than it looks huh?	I can hear it. A whisper on the wind Hehe just kidding. Huh? The commission team has returned.
Elders let us strive together for victory!	Forgive me Elders
I've learnt from the Elders I'll show you their courage!	Just as the Elders do I shall hold fast!
How could my beloved fleet turn out like this	It it isn't really that shocking that I use polite language with the destroyer Elders is it? B- but to me those girls are also my Elders worthy of respect!
I understand now that the others are ordinary people just like me. But it's still not wrong to treat them with respect. Not only as their Childe but also as their sister-in-arms.	According to Albion among others I am allowed to make bolder advances on Valentine's Day. However I felt that would be disgraceful to my Elders This matter has caused me great consternation and now Valentine's Day is upon us. I may still be conflicted but nevertheless Please do accept my chocolate!
The Elders haven't been shy about complimenting my figure though I can't help but feel a little bit embarrassed	Taking in the ocean feeling the sea breeze letting the sounds of the waves lap against my ears I feel completely at peace here.
Looks like everyone from the Dragon Empery is in the midst of preparing their Spring Festival celebrations but I'm not sure there's anything I could help with	In the coming year I'll be trying even harder to learn from my Elders!
Th-the Elders are all watching	It really looks like the whole fleet is having a good time and getting along so well This season is truly delightful.
Whether your ambitions leads you into the wilderness of unparalleled achievements the lofty spires of world domination or the gardens of peaceful sanctuary command me as would best serve your will.	The ebb and flow of tides are natural phenomena and so are the flowing fates of humankind.
The warmth and sensation of being touched How exceedingly difficult to forget.	Though your transgression may be slight such conduct may turn others away from you.
The falcon that spreads not its wings cannot reach the sky. The ship that rows not its oars cannot not reach the other shore.	Only for the gardener whose blood nurtures the soil can the iris bloom in triumphant beauty.
A notice has arrived. Is it a joyous one or is it a tragic one? Is it a desirable one or a hateful one?	Immerse yourself in the liberating quintessence of wine for the mind requires reprieve. Man is naught without repose.
The birds' clarion call It seems that our comrades have returned to us.	Even the most polished blade must eventually rot. That is to say there is no point in chasing power.
Devote thyself not to the fleet― for that is my solemn charge.	I ensure that missions sown shall bear rich fruit.
Our true destination still awaits.	Sleep in the blue depths of the ocean
These scars will become my aegis.	This world is the surface of a calm lake— Disturbances may mar the waters with ripples but peace must return in time.
Trees bury their roots deep into the ground to avoid being blown away and fish swim upstream to propagate their kind. Though they know they are fated to return to nothingness living things defy their circumstances to the best of their ability.	Even if words stop existing I will still listen to your voice. Even if the world loses its radiance I will still look into your eyes. There is nothing in this world that can erase your existence from my heart. The warmth I've received from you I shall repay with my eternal protection These are my true feelings.
People who seek happiness eagerly anticipate gifts. Those who desire warmth pin their hopes on confessions. Minds starved for affection become enraptured by dulcent smells. Existences tainted with excitement cannot refuse the sweetness of acceptance.	Great are your contributions tireless are your efforts.   For this you deserve more than mere milk and sugar.   The relationships you've nurtured bear rich fruit   Selfless and unconditional love shall be fulfilled.
Spoken words confess on this holy day Shared emotions reveal sublime eternity. Reflective water reverses bitter and sweet Frozen dessert seals unchanging feeling and rocks the senses.	It is not against the teachings to halt one's pursuit of destiny and to surrender to the warm draft of festivities. It is mankind's prerogative to seek out auspicious portents.
What I desire on the first day of the new year a peaceful night's sleep and a rainbow-colored dream that reflects my wishes.	Reliving one's childhood by enjoying games is one way to enjoy festivities. That being the case I lack knowledge of the rules designated for these games
Mountains birds fruits. All wonderful signs of a dream in which spring blooms forth.	Our connected memories spread out like freshly-fallen powder snow as our affected emotions are as if blown by the spring breeze. May these peaceful festivities spread much joy.
The Cardinal's favorite book was one recommended by me. Humans and ships alike desire to satisfy their curiosity	Animals attempt to break their fetters in order to satiate their desires whereas humans challenge taboos to satiate their curiosity.
Hm? Did you want to know about my dreams?	Please enlighten me. The significance of this festive garb and the things I must do.
I definitely am not hiding the stuff that Fu Shun secretly bought.	During the summer Tai Yuan will make a breezier version for me so there's no problem.
Fu Shun I heard that terrifying monsters appear in the academy after the sun goes down.	Missions are also very important.
Next up is Ehh? What's that burning smell coming from the warehouse? Ah my snack	New mail huh? Seems like the perfect thickness to stick under this wobbly table.
I'll help give everyone a massage! Pain pain fly away~	Commisson complete! Looks like someone has snacks for me!
Why must we fight each other?	Clear skies and calm waters today as well~
Wow I think I goofed up~	Let the seven heavenly mansions align for the coming of the white tiger!
Now things are getting interesting~	I heard that Prince Rupert's drops can be used to ward off the evil monsters that come out at night so I told Fu Shun. The windows at the academy are gone? I-I have no idea what you're talking about~
You want me to take off my cosplay? Ehehe~ I suppose I can but you'll have to do what I say!	If you never leave my side I can consider your request~ Just kidding! Your gullibility is a good thing though~
Here's this year's Valentine's chocolate~ Fu Shun Tai Yuan and I made it together but I probably spent more time scrubbing exploded chocolate off the kitchen walls Well it still tastes pretty good so give it a try. Speaking of An Shan I wonder where she went today?	Fu Shun if An Shan finds out that you're making micromissiles she's gonna be so pissed.
Hmm It does feel rather breezy behind my head without my hood	Missiles versus naval guns? Eh there's no point comparing things from two different eras~
My gear's not the only thing different about me! I've got a new look too! Heh~	Missiles huh I wonder if I'm stronger now.
Ta-da! My pajamas are finally finished! Now to snuggle up until I'm all warm! Eh~ Ehhh? But sis I don't want to get out! Ack did Tai Yuan purposely make this tail big and thick to make it easier for you?	Fu Shun said she's planning to blast apart an underwater volcano to turn the entire ocean into a hot spring Thankfully I don't think the water is getting any warmer~
Fu Shun do you still not have enough firecrackers? How would I know if this is enough to boil the entire sea?	H-hey you're late! I was worried about you darn it!
Let Ying Swei handle the public side of things! I uh I'll support her from the sidelines! Wait wouldn't that make me seem like the little sister then?!	H-how long are you going to keep dawdling around in front of me? Can you just sit down and get your work done?! Eh? What the heck are you saying?! It's not like I really care what you're doing or anything!
Only through perseverance can we reach our desired outcome! Th-those are Ying Swei's words not mine!	What are you trying to do?!
Eeek?! Y-y-y-y-you pervert! Degenerate!	Ahhhh!! You're gonna mess it up so stop touching already!
We've got new missions! Hurry up and take a look! Otherwise Ying Swei is going to complain about me nagging again!	That mission was a piece of cake! W-well I suppose your efforts helped!
All right nobody's here right? Maybe I'll practice my dance steps a little Ehh?! Huh Wh-when'd you get back?!	The commission fleet's back? Y-yeah we did send one out earlier huh Wh-what I didn't forget about that!
H-hey I look a bit more reliable now don't I?	P-purge all evil Ah screw it will you die already?!
Hmph! I'll say this again! Don't you dare violate our oceans!	Guh Am I still not strong enough yet?
Be captivated by my song and dance!	It's time to get serious! I'll make them pay for underestimating me!
Don't talk to me like you know me!	Um Ying Swei said you don't like short-tempered girls so I'll try to act a bit mellower! So um please don't hate me Hey wh-what are you laughing for?! Don't get all uppity with me!
About my new dance um I want you to name it since you'll be the first person who gets to see it. So how about it? Y-you don't have to come if you don't want to! Ugh! I mean you have to come! No matter what! Even if you don't want to! Jeez!	At a time like this I'm supposed to say may we hold hands and hope to live forever with one another or something like that right Ahh I can't remember this stuff! A-anyway you have to take good care of me from now on! Got it?!
Happy Valentine's Day! This chocolate is for you! Why am I waiting in front of the office you ask? If Ying Swei beat me to the punch my pride as the older sister would be tarnished!!!	Ying Swei and I made a promise that we'd deliver our chocolates together today and neither is allowed to jump the gun But I wonder why she forgot to show up at the time we agreed on Well whatever! That just means I get to give you my chocolate first! Hehe~
Happy Valentine's! My sister and I struck an agreement this time – we began from a starting line and whoever found you first got dibs. Looks like that's me! She got the better of me last time but that's not going to happen ever again!	What took you so long?! Are you trying to make me worry on purpose you dolt
Who's the big sister of the Chao Ho class? That's right! I'm Ying Swei's big sister~ I'm glad you understand now!	You're leaving this assignment to me? G-got it! I'll show you what a capable big sis I am!
You haven't moved a muscle for quite some time now! S-say something to me every now and then! O-otherwise I'll get worried	Mm fish and chips~ Even the Royal Navy has some pretty good food~
H-hey you're not comparing me to Ying Swei are you	We've got new missions! Wh-what is it? Are you not gonna do anything unless I nag like your mother?
That mission was a piece of cake wouldn't you agree?	My performance for the Spring Festival banquet? I-i-it's not like I'm nervous or anything! I've practiced over and over!
I wish my sister was as demure and well-behaved as Tai Yuan Yeah Ying Swei I'm talking about you! Stop laughing!	D-don't scare me like that!
Y-you're gonna get eaten up by the Nian beast!	Don't worry this tree is real sturdy and won't break with just one person on it Hey wait are you calling me fat?!
Ahhhhh jeez what's wrong with these pipsqueaks?! I swear they're running from me on purpose I knew it! This is all Ying Swei's fault! I knew she had an ulterior motive for assigning an easy job like decorating to me!	Ying! Swei! I know you're behind all this so get these little guys to knock it off already!
I wonder how the decorations for the other parts of the port are coming along Huh? You've already taken care of everything? W-wow you're pretty reliable huh	I I didn't touch you on purpose okay? I'm sorry! It's all because this little bugger here made me do it
Y-y-y-y-y-you pervert! I can't believe you'd take advantage of another person's misery like this!	Why's there a letter addressed to you in a place like this? Did you misplace it or something?
Umm you don't need to be that worried about me. I'm used to Ying Swei playing pranks on me by now and besides she already said she's sorry Well if you insist on apologizing on her behalf um then go on a date with me after this! You're fine with that? Heehee I'm gonna make Ying Swei soooo jealous for what she did to me today~	If you're worried those you trust will betray you you just have to keep them close. Either rope or chains will do the trick right?
You want to feel? Ah not this little guy. I mean me. Hehehe.	All these unfinished tasks Wouldn't it be better if I helped you take care of them?
Wow you completed that mission all by yourself! Hehe were you hoping I'd give you a reward?	I sorted the mail for you. Don't forget to look it over.
What do you think of my food? Is this the kind of thing you like to eat?	Keep strengthening my equipment. I know you can do it.
I can handle these girls just fine! Hiyah!	Hah that seems about right.
Hah I can do better.	Scorched earth!
Gah was I unprepared?	You may need some stricter training. Hm. Worrying
To get such a ring such a beautiful gift it's wonderful. So let me give you this bridle in return Hehe it fits perfectly. Now it's like we're always connected wherever we might be Don't you love it?	It's a big responsibility to have someone trust you so much. But don't worry I'm holding your reins tightly.
Just let me know when you'd like to talk to another girl. You'd be very embarrassed to be seen like this hm? Hehe I think it's fine if somebody sees actually.	Hehe I'll join you in a minute okay?
You did so well on that sortie Now you just let me take care of everything.	Hehehe I'm happy if you are.
Still feeling a little uneasy? Just wait a bit longer. You need to stay bound to me like this for now but sooner or later you won't have to think anymore you won't have to worry and you can forget all that pain.	You know this room might rub some people the wrong way
If I'm here too long you know Tashkent will start to worry	I- I have to keep this around my neck?
There's an unfinished mission. I have all the details here.	Mission complete. What should we do now?
Mail's here I think you should read it	The commission girls just got back. You have to get out there and bring them in
I have to try harder right?	I fight with all my heart!
I guess I can relax a little	I get that you wanted to be alone with me and that's fine but I just think we're missing something If only we could hold each other's hands tightly or Ahhn?! D- don't pull on that!
This book? I picked it up on Belorussiya's recommendation. It might be a bit too hard for you though. Unlikely you say? Read me a few pages then.	Do you want me to oil you up?
Heehee I might have used too much lotion.	You must be tired. How about a sweet refreshment to clear away the fatigue? Here you are sweetheart. Just don't have too much now.
I'll disrupt the enemy line!	You've been looking for me? Heehee sorry if I made you worry I just had to feel the night breeze in my hair for a bit. Why don't you stay and enjoy it with me?
Ooh this water is nice and cold Heehee. Perfect for cooling off in.	I hope Soyuz will pay this place a visit someday. Lord knows she deserves a good refresher.
This yukata feels lovely on my skin. It's like I'm dressed tip to toe in silk.	Doesn't vacationing make you feel like the leash has come off? You don't get the analogy? Hmm well fair enough
We can hold hands if you're scared of getting separated. Unless you'd rather be led along by a pair of reins?	Heehee. Doesn't that feel nice?
Hey great job on that mission. Heehee how does a hot bath sound for a reward?	Why don't we go watch how artisans dye clothes blue?
I suppose this is one way to de-stress.	You've no reason to worry. The bond between us is so strong that no matter which of us pulls the reins our feelings are clear to us both. Like this – if I just pull your hand towards me you can hear the beating of my heart no?
Good morning to you Master. Will you be starting off the day with some work?	Master is there anything new you'd like to wear when you head out on missions? If that's what you'd like please leave it to me! It so happens sewing is one of my specialties
Fair winds and a following sea~ Master if it's fine with you please take me along in your next mission as well.	There's nothing for me to do right now? N-no way Master how could you do this to me
Master~ If you'd please change into– Y-you can't see the documents you're working on? Ahh I'm sorry!	Just leave it to me~
Master is something wrong?	Master there's a new mission for you! Y-you already knew about it? Oh
Here are your rewards. Please check on them.	I'm here to deliver this mail to you Master.
Welcome back Master! Let's make sure you don't overdo things and take a short break first~	A commission has been completed. I wonder how it went?
Behold my true power! Heehee.	Anti-air combat commence! Master please lower your head!
An elegant victory the way us Royal Maids do it Ow! A-an undetonated shell?	Redouble our rescue efforts! Master please retreat and leave the others to me!
Stay calm it's time for our counterattack!	Wh-where's the enemy?
I Master do you throw everyone to the wolves like this?	Hm-hmm~ Whenever wherever I'll be there to serve you as your maid. A-and please don't remind me of how I mess up sometimes
It may be an exaggeration to say whenever wherever but I simply wish to be there to serve you whenever you might need me I'm sorry	If I do everything for you you'll become incapable of doing anything for yourself? Am I that powerful of an existence?
I-I'll do everything for you but in moderation Wait! I'll just do my best to relieve some of your fatigue~ Roger! I'll make sure to exercise restraint!	What's this Master? Y-you really weren't satisfied just having your fatigue relieved?! *sigh* I-I mean even without this ring Oh! Is this a symbol of your permission for me to pamper you lots and lots more~? Heehee my dear Master of course I love you lots~
I've come to answer your summons Master! Let's get right to it. Please assume the position so I may give you relie– Pardon I mean so I may give you my Valentine's chocolate! As today is a special day I'm ready to answer your summons anytime anywhere	Please have a seat Master. You should be comfortable while you enjoy my chocolate. I thought long and hard about how to relieve your fatigue and I settled on making you a lot and I mean A LOT of chocolate! Now please allow me to serve you until you've finished all your chocolate~
Heehee it's adorable how devoted you are to your job Master~ Sorry I'll go and prepare the documents right away.	Master does it feel good~? Heehee since we're fine on time I'll keep on pampering you more and more~
May your mission today be successful and may you return safe and sound All right Master. Everything is bound to go swimmingly!	I-is there really nothing I can do to help? I can't believe you'd just leave me with nothing to do like this There's no way this should be allowed Masterrrr
Master let's check on this report together You can't see the report because my chest is in the way? Oh goodness I'm sorry	Master? Whenever wherever please leave everything to me~!
Oh Master you~ Heehee	Master I've received word that there's a new mission for you. Though it looks like you were already aware of it I-it was Dido who informed you about it?!
Master allow me to take your coat~ Here's a towel a warm cup of coffee and a hug from me~	I'll say it once again. Ahem An elegant victory just the way your maid does it!
I won't let you be swallowed up by the sea! Grab my hand!	Thank you for waiting my dear Master. Heehee you seem pretty tired Hah! I'll pet you on the head today. Good work good work~ I'm not going anywhere so just sit tight and let my affection warm you up~!
*Pats thighs* Master you poor thing~ Look how hard you've been working~ Hehe hurry and come here so that I can pamper you~	Goodness what a troublesome master you are. Where have you been? I've been waiting to continue cleaning your ears~
This room is brimming with Dragon Empery style. Hmm I'm not exactly sure how to explain it but it sure is nice and relaxing.	Umm Hmm Oh no I still haven't finished sewing the outfit Aurora requested Dear me
My someone is at the door Oh Master?! Please don't move I'm not done working on your ears yet	Alright Master~ I'll be cleaning your other ear now so please turn around Eek?!
Ah Master please don't move around so much.	Ahhn
The rewards have arrived without any issues. That's a relief~	Your mail's here~ Please make sure you check it afterwards~
*Pats thighs* Master I'm right over here~ Heehee you must be exhausted right~	There's no pampering in store for you bunch only punishment!
Now please allow me to continue pampering you once we return~	Tis a pleasure to see you Master. I am delighted to be your partner for today. Oh I was just trying to sound prim and proper! You don't need to look at me with such pity in your eyes!
Master why don't you take the lead tonight? Heehee~	Ugh We haven't even done that much walking but my feet are already sore Changing into an outfit you're not used to isn't the easiest thing in the world. I wonder if Sirius and Black Prince are hanging in there
By the way Master who did you invite today? Umm it doesn't particularly concern me but Dido absolutely wanted to know.	I wonder why Eagle is holding back so much? We went through the trouble of making all this delicious food so
Did you want to shake your feet out as well?	This outfit makes me pretty irresistible doesn't it?
The letter is right~ over~ here~! You don't see it?	Master~ Ahaha that's right~ I'm always ecstatic to come to the beach~
Phew This salty sea breeze feels wonderful Master. Next time I should bring the other ladies here to Hmm Do you have any ideas for what we should do? Maybe light a bonfire?	Eskimo don't go overboard with your pranks
Master it's shallow over here~ Hwaah?! T-that was a huge wave just now	Clear skies and a refreshing breeze The perfect weather for pampering you Master. Wouldn't you agree~?
I'd love to come back here every year with you Master.	The girls of the commissions team have been swallowed by a whirlpool you know Just kidding~ Look they've returned already.
For the safety and continued victory of my Master I'll head out!	I'll have you know I'm not actually bad at fighting. Heehee~
Launching and landing carrier-based planes is a bit of a sensitive topic. You'll end up in hot water if you're not careful.	I'm really worried about the escort destroyers. As soon as they see submarines they immediate charge forward. Please remind them to stay in escort formation.
This is no way to treat a lady~	The girls on commission have returned. I wonder if they managed to pick up any tea leaves along the way.
My my at this rate I'm might even catch up to those regular carriers.	If I'm chasing you don't think you'll get away so easily haha~
Even though I'm an escort carrier I won't lose to the regular aircraft carriers when it comes to ability~	Drats my flight deck caught on fire again
816 Squadron scramble!	My flight deck's on fire! Hurry and put it out!
Even though I was born in the Eagle Union I was treated very warmly in the Royal Navy. Belfast even taught me how to make a proper cuppa~	Every time I set sail some seagulls will be flying overhead. Legend has it that this signifies a safe journey~ Every time I see these little guys I always feel at ease.
This is my specially made Valentine's chocolate be grateful and accept it! It tastes even better when enjoyed with some black tea~	Doesn't it feel lonely when you hand over your Valentine's chocolate and bam everything's over? If Valentine's Day is truly a celebration then we've got to enjoy it thoroughly! With that being said why don't we play a little game? You'll get a piece of chocolate for playing and if you win I'll do one thing you ask of me~
I decided to try my hand at Sakura Empire-style chocolate this time so I asked them for some pointers. Through trial and error we managed to create this. And if it's not too much trouble would you listen to the full story while you eat it? It'll surely be entertaining.	Does this dress from the Dragon Empery not suit me well? Though I was born in the Eagle Union and raised by the Royal Navy my time in the Dragon Empery also left a deep impression upon me. Why don't we have a chat about their profound culture and tea? Hehe~
After spending some time in the Empery I started to realise that in addition to black tea I sometimes wanted to enjoy the fragrance of green tea as well.	The Dragon Empery's traditional dances seem difficult to learn Eh you'd like to learn them with me? In that case we should be able to learn them in no time~
Eh fireworks display? Um I think I'll pass I'm not good around fire.	Ahh I stayed up too late last night exchanging stories with the Empery girls so I'm really sleepy
Ugh there's this saying that for soldiers both victory and defeat are standard issue.	I see you~ Don't think you can run from me!
Our work takes us to the far corners of the world. Keeping a game console on hand to stave off boredom is a good idea isn't it?	Long Island down to host another raid next time? I want to get some new equipment~
Bogue's pitches are way too overpowered No matter how hard I try I can only hit two or three out of ten	Jeez games aren't enough for you?
All right time for me to grab that high score!	How's the port supposed to run when the decisionmaker's seat is vacant? C'mon sit down already.
If you're not busy then come here let's play a match of Go? No need to have a turn timer or keep track of winners and losers. Let's just kill some time hehe.	Are you deep in thought about something? Or just spacing out? Oh I see. You're trying to look cute hehe.
My eyes look a bit scary when I'm thinking about something? How do you know that isn't just one of my many faces?	Feign strength if you must feign weakness if you must. Whatever the case do not ever let your enemy see through your trump card.
What's the matter? You're not here just to have a little chat are you?	You certainly have guts.
I must say this behavior is rather unexpected.	Don't forget to finish up your missions. When it comes back to bite you it'll already be too late.
Mission complete. Now that you've removed another obstacle in front of you what will your next move be?	Good job on making it back in one piece. I went over your last battle and while it was excellent overall there are many areas that can still be improved So let's review those right now?
The commission fleet is back huh Increasing our stockpiles replenishing our forces adding another card to our hand. A good play indeed.	I prefer being the one pulling the strings but fine.
The moment the enemies let their guard down–– is the moment you strike!	The enemy has lost their will to fight. Heh guess that's all they had to show.
Ugh just one move behind While I hate conceding defeat there won't be a next time. Hehe	Exploit their weaknesses and catch them by surprise!
Nothing ventured nothing gained!	Seems like I set the bar too high for you.
The more you win the harder it'll be for you to review your own moves objectively. Even if you're winning never forget to continue studying your past experiences.	War isn't fair. Backstab your enemy. Think two or three steps ahead of them read their every move. Then BAM! Victory comes just like that. Hehe.
I'm starting to get bored of our regular old sessions of Go. Let's spice things up a little bit I know just the thing. How about if you can take a game off me I'll grant you one wish.	Oh my how could a seasoned strategist like me make such a silly blunder Hehe in any case congratulations on your win. As promised I'll grant you your one wish. Anything goes. Hehehe
What's this? Hehe I didn't expect this sneak attack from you Or rather you're the only person who could pull something like this off. Looking at it that way maybe I had predicted this all along right?	This lively Valentine's Day seems to have added some excitement and enthusiasm to an otherwise peaceful port. As for me I suppose I'll watch things unfold from a safe distance hehe. By the way these Western-style chocolates are for you.
Well it seems you've found my little hideout. The silence here is a pleasant contrast to the bustle of Valentine's and as good a place as any to seduce you I'd say. Heehee. Now it's time to give you my chocolate and proceed to the next phase of my plan. Perhaps you already know what that is?	Oh my you seem to be quite energetic today. I was hoping to be able to bemuse myself with your sleepy expression but alas it was not to be. Hehe~
The game of Go has already spread far beyond the Dragon Empery. It is a pity however that regional variations in rules make it difficult to thoroughly enjoy a session.	Not all surprise attacks must be executed from behind. For example if I suddenly get right up to your face like this –– doesn't that get your heart racing? Hehe~
Even if we're just making small talk the most mundane of moments can become splashed with brilliant colors.	It appears you are in need of some special discipline.
Even divine beings are not omnipotent For example look you've forgotten to finish a mission.	You'd like to challenge me to another match today? Very well but let's up the ante this time. The loser is responsible for deciding how the two of us will spend our time together after the match. I also would like to take my hands off the reins every now and then so I'll try my best to win. Hehe~
Did my collection catch your eye? Hehe very well there's a lot more of that in the back room. I wouldn't mind showing you around if you'd like~	I already have a worthy opponent in front of me but too bad we don't have a Go board and some pieces to play with Ah but worry not I'll fetch them later.
Would you like to try this rotary dial phone? You might not be used to operating something like it so try to be careful not to make mistakes.	It would appear that you need a reminder as to who the host is here.
Do be mindful of who the host is and who the guest is~	A letter arriving at a time like this? Talk about spoiling the mood
Yes excellent. Just stick to the plan just as I told you. Oh welcome back. That phone call? It's a secret~	During this moment of respite set aside all your plans and calculations. Once you've rested sufficiently you can always pick up where you left off.
Few things are more blissful than a refreshing soak on a sweltering day. Your clothes might get wet but don't you think it's well worth it?	Come with an open heart and leave fulfilled. Now that you've freed yourself from the shackles of the daily grind clear your mind and enjoy this occasion to the fullest~
Hai Chi? I'm sure she's playing in the water with some friends she just met. Did you want to go look for her?	Ripples in the water the glow of the autumnal sun and the flickering of rainbows If Hai Tien were here I'm sure I would be hearing one of her poems.
What's the matter? If it's about work let's save it for later alright?	You're completely soaked with sweat I see the sweltering heat outside must've taken its toll on you. Come in and cool off.
Knowledge is power. Not only in battle but for everything else as well right?	You want to know what people are saying about you? You know if you're that curious I suggest that you dig around a bit yourself.
This is some juicy info here Hm I bet Aoba would love to hear about this~	Just like the eyes on my seaplanes need maintenance our eyes should be maintained properly as well. That way we can make sure they work well when they need to.
If you want some help you should organize the information first.	Are you trying to get my ears to spring up? Hehe~
Mission rewards Lots of things here so I'll leave the accounting to you	There's some new mail for you. Please make sure not to look over any new information.
Good work out there. Why don't you get started on the combat report? This experience will become the foundation for your next victory after all.	Hm According to my seaplanes it seems like the commissions team is almost here.
My reconnaissance abilities have grown even sharper~	I've already seen through your tricks hehe.
As long as the intel is correct victory is guaranteed Ehe	It's because I wasn't able to get enough info on them
Knowledge is the key to victory	This is nothing This won't make me fall behind!
I'm sorry. I'm not sure I can deal with someone like you	Let's see what my seaplanes' eyes have captured for me this time.
Oh are you curious about the intel I've gathered? Mm like how everyone at the port feels about you? Just kidding of course	Mm Even if there's something you really want to know I can't just tell you Right how about this? You listen to one of my requests and I'll tell you one thing you want to know in exchange. Hehehe
Hehe. As payment for the secret I told you you'll be taking me out on a date No refunds allowed of course.	Are you disappointed that I'm not surprised at all? Don't be I really am you know? It's just that I'm so happy it far exceeds any surprise I might've felt~ Hehehe~
Here. Through my Eyes this is the scenery of everyone hard at work making chocolate that you wanted to see. Hehe it would appear that they have not finished their preparations yet Go ahead and take this. This is the meaning of a pre-emptive attack~	Hm~? Are you curious about what I was doing? I was collecting info of course. You unexpectedly have a lot of openings. Hehe~
So about those affection points Mm well I'm maxed out but would you like to find out about some of the other girls? Hehehe.	My what am I going to do with you So what is it that you'd like~?
Your tastes Hehehe there's no way I wouldn't know by now right~	Well whatever you might be worried about let's focus on knocking that mission out together.
Mission rewards? Well Hehe let's check on them together.	Good work out there. Leave the combat report to me. You should relax for a bit. Hehe.
As long as I'm able to gather information with my seaplanes this should be the expected result. Hehe.	Oh are you asking me on a date? Mm~ What should I tell you in return Hehehe how about the place I'd like to go today~?
Oh you're here. There's some red bean jelly from Chiyoda on your desk. Feel free to take some.	Chiyoda and I are partners in carrying out shrine duties. Even though Chiyoda can be pretty annoying at times there are still times she's fun to be around.
Isuzu is quite a scaredy cat but she's a good girl. But even that side of her is cute.	Chiyoda always insists on doing my hair this way so I let her. However I always feel a bit apologetic for making her do so much
I'm at least confident in my Kagura dancing skills. If you get the chance please come and watch.	Who?!  Oh it's you. I thought it was a prank from that pink-haired Union girl.
Do you like touching my bangs like Chiyoda does?	Here are some more missions. Isn't it bad to let them pile up like this?
The mission is complete. That's good.	There's a letter addressed to you. Please check it out.
I'm glad you're safe I made a protective charm for you and also one for Chiyoda. Please keep it safely inside your clothes.	The commission team has returned safely. What a relief.
I have to make sure to be careful	I'm glad that I was able to be a help to everyone else.
We're pulling back. Chiyoda please be safe	Attack force surround them!
This is bad I hope Chiyoda is alright	The one thing I hope I never have to see again is the formation of a decoy fleet
I don't dislike having to pamper Chiyoda If anything I might actually find it quite endearing	Cooking cleaning even taking care of my things Chiyoda takes care of it all.  Basically it's not that I can't do these tasks. If I put my mind to it I can do it I totally can
If that's how you feel about me I'll gladly accept your feelings I'll pray for your safety every day and be your refuge from your daily hardships. I hope you'll come look for me whenever you're feeling troubled because I want to pamper you like I do with Chiyoda	As promised I've got you chocolate I made myself. Chiyoda said we should give you ours both at once but I didn't want to – I had a suspicion she'd try to steal my chocolate So keep this meeting between you and me okay?
The sun's rays are so harsh I should go look for some awning to hide under	Everyone becomes so rowdy when they get to the beach I hope nothing bad happens today. Please may enemy aircraft and volleyballs not come flying our way
Isuzu who told you that? There aren't any ghosts here don't worry. Go out and play.	Chiyoda's quite the sore loser She's like that even when it comes to building sand castles so I can't even imagine how worked up she'd get over beach volleyball If that pink-haired union girl is our opponent I think I'll just sit out
The weather forecast says it'll be clear until the evening Mmn	That shaved ice looks really good I guess there's a good reason cold treats are popular in the summer.
Did I keep you waiting? It took me an awfully long time to get ready This always happens when Chiyoda isn't around	I'm so looking forward to seeing what Chiyoda's going to wear I wanna take a picture with her Yeah we're definitely going to do that.
Up at the shrine I use a fan to help out with Yamashiro and Fusou. With enough practice you can do stuff like this! H-how'd that look?	Flying cranes are a symbol of good luck Yeah I'm sure that's true! Zuikaku said the same thing.
Phew It's sure hard to walk around with these long hems.	D-did you want to take a photo?
Are you tired? We still have a banquet to go to tonight so you should rest while you still can Oh don't worry about me I can get some rest right here (*blushes*)	I help Chitose out with her Shinto duties sometimes. You know as a shrine maiden. Huh? You think I'd be more of a hindrance?
Doesn't Chitose have really silky hair that smells just divine? Actually I'm the one who takes care of it everyday.	Whenever we rehearse the dance with Yamashiro and Fusou some kind of trouble always occurs Like something falling or flying off somewhere. But really? I find it all to be pretty funny!
Am I so beautiful that I caught your eye? I'm flattered but you should focus on your work for now~	Yikes?! If you had done this to Chitose instead she'd have turned bright red from embarrassment!
You know I think it's better to take care of missions as they come in. Yes?	You took care of the missions? Alright. While you take a break I'm going to go check up on how Chitose's doing.
Looks like you didn't run into any trouble while I was gone. Hehe it must be thanks to the protective charm I slipped inside your clothes~	Oooh~ I really want to show the new and improved Chiyoda off to Chitose
Let's kick some fine enemy butt on this wonderful day!	Did you see that? Did you see how amazing I was?
Ugh I want to bury my face in Chitose's jugs	It's my grand entrance!
Chitose save me	Y-yeah I I guess I've gotten pretty close to you What would Chitose say if she saw you pampering me like this? Hm If she saw us like this she'd probably say I love both of you so it's fine. or something. Yeah she'd definitely say something like that! Hahaha!
Now that you've given me this you're going to be stuck pampering me senseless! You already are? I-I guess that's true Well feel free to request whatever you want from me in exchange!	I made chocolate with Chitose this year! She's so enchanting when she cooks Anyway here's the chocolate we made together. Chitose was just pampering me before so if you're nice to me too this might just be my best Valentine's ever
Hmm beach volleyball?  I'll use my powers to turn Saratoga into a holey woman! Ain't that right Chitose?	The summer sun the sparkling sea Stop lazing around and come play with me already Chitose~
Oh Yamashiro and her sister came too. Wouldn't it be a good idea to team up with them? Well?	The glamorous Chiyoda in a swimsuit~! No matter how breathtaking I might look don't just stand there and stare like an idiot. C'mon let's go and play~
If you're looking for something nice and round I can throw this ball at your face you know?	It's not like I was aiming for your face you know? My hand just happened to slip and the ball just happened to make contact with your face C'mon get over it. It's just an inflatable ball anyway!
Oh so you're a real workhorse. Suppose I'll really have to apply myself as your secretary then.	You're not just here to chat are you? If you've got something important to say spit it out. Just don't expect me to respond right away because I'm busy.
Ugh Wish there was some vodka in here Your office is so much stricter than my lab when it comes to rules and the like.	I'm curious – based on what criteria do you choose a secretary? Surely it's not just good looks? But if it is don't be afraid to admit it
I'd appreciate it if you'd let me handle data analysis in addition to office work. Work is boring but I can stick to it longer when it involves something I'm good at.	What's up? Want me to get you some coffee?
Need to vent some stress do you? Heehee	Here are some mission instructions for you. I can do overtime if it's for science but I'd rather not for this type of work.
Mission complete. Maybe I'll get to return to my lab early today	Back safe and sound I see. Here's the after-action report with all the data sorted out. I'll leave the debriefing to you.
Commission complete. That's all she wrote. Nothing special.	Well that's one way of doing it.
Sometimes you have to get your hands dirty.	Done already? Then let's get moving. We're not getting paid to stand around.
Tsk I hate writing self-improvement reviews	How's this?
You're making this harder than it needs to be!	I'm actually curious as to how someone can keep failing over and over. You are an awful outlier.
Ah! Another blackout. Yeah it's a problem with my lab not the port itself. All my tinkering has made the power really unstable. Just make yourself at home and wait for the lights to come back.	A ring huh So you'll be indebted to me if I accept it – is that right? Then I'll gladly take it. Sharing a special relationship with you works out nicely because it makes it easier to examine your mind and body
What's that? You want chocolate? Oh so it is Valentine's Day. Hmmm Alright then. Pay for the materials and I'll make you exactly that much chocolate. And I mean exactly We don't want either side getting a raw deal.	I've been waiting for you. Today's schedule includes office work your examination and I think that's it. Want to go for lunch once we're done?
Hey you're not making any progress with your work. Don't hesitate to tell me if I'm distracting you. Heehee	*sigh* Another request from Kronshtadt. What is it with her? Always demanding stuff from people – unlike you.
Ah how about we go on a rejuvenating walk?	You're excited I see
Mission complete. Here's hoping you'll finish your work soon enough.	Seems you made it home with no injuries. Externally anyway How do you feel? Do you feel you have a headache or any stomach pains? No? Then all is good.
The commission team is back. With info on that date spot I had them check out to boot. Heehee.	Oh? What made you come over here instead of heading down to the beach? Surely you didn't ditch your friends on a hard-earned day off just to see me? But I don't mind. It's called a day off because you get to decide how to spend your time.
Hanging out basking in the sunset's glow together It's pretty nice wouldn't you say?	I've pinned down your swimsuit preferences after tracking your eyes and analyzing your phrasing when asked for feedback. Heehee.
Still hard at work? You're hardly treating this like a vacation day. No no I know it's for the sake of all of us. You can expect a little something from me later.	Seeing Northern Parliament girls take off their winter coats and put on skimpy swimwear must be a real treat. For you that is.
I feel this occasion calls for a bottle of vodka.	Come and give Ms. Chkalov a hug! Heehee
I hope inspiration will hit me as we go through these missions.	You look like you had a blast back there. I recommend getting some rest.
Will you let me examine your body later as a reward? No?	Shall we go for a stroll before the sun goes down?
Good work out there on your sortie. I'll handle the reports so please take this time to get some rest.	Military commission complete. Rewards received Aye! I've recorded everything!
Fleet status confirmed prepare to open fire!	Let's triumphantly return home in high spirits!
I can still fight! I don't want to lose anyone ever again!	My kindness is reserved for my friends only!
I can still keep going!	There's no need to worry about you just focus on what I'm doing? Alright! Then please watch your feet
Lalala~ I feel so motivated just from having you by my side! Um I'm not really sure if the extra motivation affects the quality of my work but it's fine as long as you're pleased with my work~	Astoria's outfit's design is a bit out there but is that the kind of outfit you prefer?
If you're done with work I'll see you off to the room.	Watch out for the floor? Did something happen? Wah?!
Eep?!	The mission rewards have arrived! I wonder if I should leave them for Maya to take but I am a bit concerned
The list of bounty we received from commissions? Sure! I'll bring it along with the menu!	Focus Give it your all!
Maya Takao Atago! Look we did it!	I'm confident in myself!
Never regret the choices you make!	Why do you call me Clevebro?! I'm a girl just like the others!
Wanna exercise for a bit?	We've got a new mission! Let's finish it in one go!
Nice! We got some mission rewards!	Hehe that feels good!
I'm in a hurry just come at me all at once alright?	Hehe now this is what I'd call the fruits of my hard labor!
Ahaha this isn't so good	Onward!
Sorry my sisters are waiting for me. I don't have time to deal with you.	Mm I'm not trying to make myself look stronger than I am or anything but honestly I think there aren't many people like you who I can speak to like an equal
Before I realized it I'm the one who's leaning on your shoulder instead but hey that's fine. We can always just rely on each other.	I feel like I've told you everything about myself Time sure flies doesn't it I doubt someone who understands me the way you do will ever show up again. That's why I've
Heh I had a feeling this would happen! From now on you can tell me anything. I'll take excellent care of you!	Just saying but I totally made this chocolate on my own! This way everyone else can focus on their own instead of helping me with mine you know? But anyway give it a taste later!
Here – Valentine's chocolate for you! Gotta run now my sisters are calling for me! Crap wait I nearly forgot to tell you something! Yeah uhh You know hit me up once you've decided where we're going for our date! That's all! L-laters!	I was just thinking you'd be back soon and here you are! Maybe we share a telepathic link through our hearts! Hehehe~
Anything I worry about? Nothing at all. Actually I shouldn't keep things secret from you! Not that I could even if I wanted to. Hahahah!	Anything you wanna do or anything on your mind? You can tell me anything
How happy you make me feel? Hmm I feel as happy as the ocean feels big I guess? Hehehe~	You're worried about people meddling with us? Hehe there's no point worrying about that stuff when we have each other!
I've never cuddled with someone like this before It might take some getting used to but I still like it. Hehehe~	N-no probs! I'm ready for this! So just go ahead and umm y-you know
Here's your mail. Give it a look later.	Okay just leave everything to me! I know just how much force to put into my grip to make you feel good!
To think I'd ever get to put on these clothes and spend my joyful time with the person I love (Hug) I guess being a girl really is pretty sweet. Hehehe~	Heheh~ Gimme some candy!
If we the plow the fields now and add some fertilizer then by next year's Halloween we can eat some homegrown pumpkins! Let's do it!	Do you wanna try some of the pumpkin pie that Helena made?
Well made don't you think? Heh I've heard this thing can even harvest souls.	You wanna come to the party too Knight? All right you're coming too!
Let's finish this in a flash!	Here's a present for you party poopers!
I did this guy's paint job myself. Pretty sweet huh? Hehe~	Don't let the size fool you. This little guy has some serious kick!
Even when we're out for a spin we have to observe the traffic rules. Safety first after all~	Woahh In the Sakura Empire if you lose at a game of hanetsuki they draw all over your face with a marker Never knew that
The bonsai tree I planted last year doesn't seem to have grown much I'll have to tend to it better this year.	It's hard to move around in this outfit how do the Sakura girls make it look so effortless?
Helena was the one who drew the design on this paddle. Hehe isn't it sweet?	Ahh Denver wait up! Didn't we agree that the loser has to do the winner's bidding?!
Isn't it real exciting visiting a place you don't normally get to go? We don't often get opportunities to travel like this so let's go look for delicious food and spectacular scenery!	The coral reefs and the huge rock formations are easily the highlights so far. They really make you appreciate the beauty of Mother Nature!
Koalas kangaroos quokkas Hm? Why'd they name this bandicoot Crash?	Mmm this place makes killer steaks! Better not post this on Juustagram though or Yuudachi will get jealous and complain 'cause she doesn't get any.
The mood is there but there's onlookers around so yeah.	My poor sisters were hurt on that humiliating day. One day I will have those invaders pay for what they have done!
You've got new mail. There may be news from my sisters	Making sure everyone returns home safely is also one of my duties.
A lot of oil and supplies have been shipped in. Looks like we got plenty of both for the next mission.	Emm as one of the BIG SEVEN my powers are unquestionable. Although timely enhancements are still a necessity.
I will not allow you to misbehave anymore All guns ready to fire a volley!	Huh? Am I the MVP? Such a piece of cake for one of the BIG SEVEN.
This is not the end of the line	It's time to show you the true power of the BIG SEVEN!
The bridge was hit? Damage control now!	I'm proud of my BIG SEVEN title. Unfortunately the battleship era is closing and a new wave of ships are arriving
Happy Valentine's Day. This is a day for love and intimacy rather than remembrance and sadness At any rate I made you some chocolate. It's not much but I poured my heart into it.	Are you gonna be okay with all that chocolate? I figured you'd be getting a lot from all the other girls and wouldn't be able to finish it all but I still want you to have this. I hope I'm not bothering you
I'm back. Phew Just in time for Valentine's too. Here are some gifts from me my sisters and the other Big Sevens along with the stuff you asked for and of course chocolate. Now I can catch a break and whisper you my song of love.	The Big Five Yet another name that we were proud to be called.
I'm not sure what I'll do if there ever comes a time when I can take off my rigging along the title of the Big Seven I'm sure that that girl from the Sakura Empire is thinking the same thing.	Where would I like to go? Well if it's not too much to ask that place where you can pet cats.
Don't I feel cold to the touch?	Hehehe.
So there's new mail. Maryland's as fast to act as always.	I want to perform for people not a crowd of trees in the barren wilderness. I'll keep fighting in order to keep it that way together with my sisters.
I can't let you get caught up in the battle Shoo hurry away!	The fact that I can still be helpful to people makes me happy.
Hm-hmm~ It's in pretty good condition today just as you said. Um would you mind if I played you one more song?	Another day of calm weather! Nice!
You wanna get to know me? Sure thing. Inspect me to your heart's content.	What tunes do I listen to? Good question. See if you can guess!  Rock 'n' roll? Bzzzt wrong!
Bleh my sis snatched my sunglasses again	Once this war is over maybe I should give Eagle Union football a try
Gee thanks! You made my bubble pop!	I only just started chewing this gum and we've already got a new mission?
Today's missions were a breeze! Total walk in the park!	Aren't you gonna check your mail? There might be something nice in there.
You're back~! I've been chewing on this gum so long it's lost all its taste.	The commission team's back! Aren't you gonna go thank them?
Uh-huh feelin' pretty good!	That was nothing special~ I do it all the time~
Don't blame me if you get hit!	It won't end like this!
*Sigh* So that's all huh. I was wrong to get my hopes up.	Hm? You'd never have guessed that I'd be into ballet?  What's that supposed to mean?! Laugh one more time and I'll punch you!
Why do I wear only one sock? That's a secret! If you're so curious try taking it off~ Hehehe	When I can't see you on my days off I feel kinda lonely Geez look at you making a girl say stuff like this! A-aren't you ashamed of yourself?! Jerk!
Yeah thanks. Even when we're not on the battlefield we'll always be together No wait cheesy lines like this are totally out of character for me! Anyhow right now I feel so happy!	I wonder why Cleve suddenly started to make chocolate for everyone this year Well knowing her I'm sure it's just her way of looking out after us.
What this sketch? Just a little doodle I made during class. What do you think? Looks like her doesn't it?	There's a rule at my school that you're not allowed to chew gum during class. I get it and all but isn't that a total drag?
I'm actually wearing two socks today? You pay attention to the weirdest stuff~	I'm looking forward to what you'll give me on White Day~
Wonder what Cleve's up to right now No doubt she's doing just great but still wish I could see her for myself.	As someone who's been all over the Pacific I'm having the time of my life exploring the open prairie! Especially with you along for the ride~
Crap my gum reserves are almost empty! You brought extra just for me? Aww thanks a ton buddy!	Y'know what a prairie at night is perfect for? Stargazing! Come nighttime you wanna lie with me in the grass and look through the telescope?
What am I writing about? It's a secret so you'll just have to guess~	Are you getting all touchy-feely 'cause I'm wearing socks on both feet today? Or is it something else~?
Welcome back. I went and made some soup with the ingredients you foraged. Wanna taste it?	Feast your eyes! This is the power of a Cleveland-class cruiser!
That was easy! Didn't even break a sweat.	Save your breath. Let's begin today's work.
Leonardo da Vinci had that tragedy not occurred she surely would've fought to the last breath for the glory of the Sardegna Empire just like Cesare.	A gown? I have no interest in things like that. Nor will I ever.
Some people used to hold me to lofty expectations but it feels natural to see the next generation surpass me.	Allow me to say this: judging people by their appearance will be your downfall.
Just how little do you think of me?	One more name off my list Oh I was talking about the list of unfinished missions.
New mail has arrived I'm not your butler and you're perfectly capable of getting it yourself. Look it's by your right hand.	A hard fought battle. Next there are many missions that you must attend to Oh my it would appear that I've accidentally finished everything. Do have some tea and rest for a while.
The commission squad has returned to port. Were you sending this bunch to a parade or something?	Thanks for your consideration.
It is time to clad yourselves in courage and wisdom!	One will never tire of victory.
Ngh Must I also bow my head to the passage of time?	This volley shall not be my last!
Everyone stay vigilant!	You will eventually pay the price for your arrogance.
As one of Sardegna's veterans I have ample experience ranging from communication to fleet management. If you need any advice feel free to ask me.	Long live the glory of the Sardegna Empire Forget it it's all in the past now. I'm getting used to being in this fleet so let's look ahead.
I said let's look ahead right? In that case I'll cover your back. That way no matter what happens you can always keep your eyes ahead of you and leave the rest to me.	You're giving such an important thing to me? I this is ahh! I'm sorry I can't keep my composure but I'll try my best to say it I do! How's that? P-please let this embarrassing ritual be over already
Do you want to hear the story about how Valentinus evolved into Valentine's Day? From a saint's martyrdom to a holiday about giving out sweets really makes you think about how things change over time Ah but before that I have some chocolate for you.	Well if you're so desperate for some chocolate from me I guess I'll have to respond in kind. Don't think too hard about it just thankfully accept it as a token of affection from me to you.
I've told you before right? This is a crystallization of my love for you. Heh if the size of this chocolate grows in proportion with my feelings for you maybe one day it'll become even bigger than me! Or not haha~	The manifestation of love can grow in both size and number. Likewise my gifts of chocolate will grow year after year. There's nothing strange about that now is there?
Curses I can't believe people are seeing me in this soggy ugly mess What I'm cute? Wh-what kind of sick joke is that? Come help me already!	It's always the normally quiet types that end up making the boldest statements at the beach
Huh?! Where'd that sneak attack come from? I've gotta answer back!	Cesare this is the only time we'll be fighting on the same front. Let's do this!
Not as much as a damn molehill on this beach Where's a soldier supposed to hide herself?	You've helped me a lot. Thank you.
Y-you traitor!	I have an incredible power inside me that will burst forth to save everyone at that critical moment Yeah! That would be badass!
Paperwork? How does that help in a fight?	Hey how long are we gonna stay in the office? I'm so bored
Hey! Ready to move anytime!	We won't be able to help anyone if you leave your missions unfinished!
Mission accomplished! We're definitely making a difference!	A new message? Could it be a distress signal? My Danger Antenna is tingling!
Go greet the team coming back from commission? Easy peasy! Just watch me~	Getting stronger is how I help more people!
Cast off! Let's go!	Phew What a nice feeling. Feels like victory.
One little setback won't get me down!	CYCLONE SMASHER!
I won't be afraid! Now more than ever they need me!	It's finally here! Yes Valentine's Day! I heard if I give you some chocolate you'll give me anything I want in return! Ehehe but don't worry about that. That's not why I'm giving you chocolate~
Valentine's has come! Shut up and take my chocolate! And in return Yeah I wanna nap! That's right! Since you're always so tired you me and a kitty are all gonna nap in a cuddle pile!	Break point!
Ace shot! Yaaaaaah!	This is for me? Alright! Glug glug Haah!
A black kitty cat! Where is it?! Hey now don't distract me!	Y-you probably shouldn't touch me. I'm all sweaty right now.
Wait up! Hold on! Gotta catch my breath! Phew whew	Deuce! This ain't over!
Whew! It's freezing cold outside but warm and cozy in here! Nothing beats an open fireplace in the winter~	You'd be surprised how easy wrapping presents is! You just put it like this take some wrapping paper then a ribbon aaand done!
Man I wish I could ride anywhere in a cool snowmobile like Minneapolis. It's too dangerous for a kid to ride? Hey! It's not like I'm a little baby or anything!	Are you feeling chilly? Come a little closer if you wanna warm up then~
Hrmph You're not fooling me with any just wanted to warm my hands up excuses!	New mail huh? You think it might be someone's Christmas wishlist?
I'm not sure who'll end up getting this snowglobe but I am sure they'll love it!	I think the commission team's back. Let's invite them in here and we can all have a cozy Christmas together!
A fly? Don't worry they'll disappear after a few moments~	To have a junior as exceptional as Belfast I have to redouble my efforts~
If there is anything you need please call for me right away~	Are you trying to flirt with me? Perhaps there might be a better place for that.
It's not good to let missions pile up. Should I plan them out for you?	Mail has arrived. There appears to be no bad news anyway.
Good work during the sortie. Want to take a breather so you can think about your next step? There's plenty of time to spare so make sure to cherish your health.	Shall I greet the girls who are returning from commissions?
My anti-air capabilities have been upgraded. Great~!	We'll carry forth our tradition of meeting our enemies head-on. Let's charge forward heroically!
To think that I'd get MVP sorry about that~	I've been thoroughly discredited
Please be at ease. I shall always be here~	It's do or die I have to go all out!
My apologies but I believe it would be best if we maintained some distance.	Would you like some snacks? My old students used to love these - please have some.
Master would you like to taste the chocolate that my sister and I made for you? Even Curlew who is normally strict with sweets will be willing to overlook it just for Valentine's Day. If you need a little bit of sweetness just let me know all right~?	Wouldn't you say a break is in order Master? You've been working since noon Excellent I thought you'd agree. Then allow me to offer you my handmade chocolate. Given that it's Valentine's Day I'm sure Curlew will be a little more forgiving with you. Still I kindly suggest that you eat it slowly. Okay? Hehehe.
I come with Valentine's chocolate Master Oh is something the matter? You come across a bit absentminded. Did Curlew lecture you on proper etiquette when receiving chocolate? Heehee. Don't stress over it. Manners aren't important – feelings are. She's only trying to say she loves you just as I do.	It is my honour to be of everyone's service. Light cruiser Curacoa takes it upon herself to continue serving you Master.
If you're still agonizing over today's itinerary why not have have a cup of tea and reset yourself?	Curley is always walking around with that stony expression Maybe she and I have a different understanding of how a maid ought to present herself?
Seeing everyone's growth and maturity somehow puts my mind at ease.	My abilities as an anti-air escort? Why it's my next best thing after being a maid of course.
Being in a room that has been cleaned properly will also clean your mind of distractions.	You may give me orders at any time Master.
Why don't we save these kinds of things for after work?	This outfit's design is rather bold I'm more accustomed to my maid uniform
My obligations as a maid do not end when I am not in my uniform. If you need anything just let me know.	Everyone is busy with Spring Festival preparations but I'd like to take this opportunity to slack off a little~
You'd like to know if there are any secrets behind the Dragon Empery's culinary and artistic crafts? Hehe stay tuned~	Holidays in the Dragon Empery seem to have a lot of complicated customs. Perhaps they are comparable with a Royal maid's code of etiquette? Hehe~
No matter the time or place as a maid or as a soldier one must always remember to observe proper etiquette.	Royal etiquette is steeped in social and life philosophy. Please keep that in mind at all times.
I already am a perfect maid? Surely you jest have you not met my elder sister yet?	Please be mindful of your posture. Be confident and stand tall so that you can earn the respect of others.
A new mission has been posted. Please complete it as soon as possible - it's rude to keep others waiting.	This mail is for you. Don't worry I'll be sure to leave when you are ready to check it.
Let's show our enemies what a Royal maid is capable of.	As long as you strive for excellence victory will naturally follow.
It appears that I need to have higher expectations of myself.	I shall correct your perversion!
T-trigger the anti-air defence alarm!	To think that there would be people who cannot comprehend Royal etiquette at all
Please do not blame me for being too strict. Royal etiquette is not something can be easily mastered.	Just like libations there is a time and place for drinking black tea. What you want to have tea right now? F-fine.. since it's been so long since you've had a break I suppose there's no harm to it
Being with you reminds me of the time I used to live with my sister. She'd always instruct me on how to be a prim and proper maid. I wonder if I've managed to become an excellent maid just like her	Since I have already made my oath with you it would be improper if I was the only one instructing you. What would I like you to teach me? Master can you please teach me the etiquette of love?
Master I am quite confident about everything regarding this chocolate. Perhaps the only thing I did not add enough of would be my love but if you happen to enjoy the chocolate by all means please do tell me.	Master while these chocolates can certainly stand on their own you may want to have some tea with them Sigh I know you're eager to eat but one should still consider basic etiquette.
Master it is important to provide your brain with ample glucose to carry out your duties but be sure to keep in mind the pride and propriety of your post. Here is some chocolate my sister and I made I'll make an exception for Valentine's Day yes.	It should be expected that one who manages an entire port would accept a woman's Valentine's chocolate without fuss no? Regardless of if she's a Royal Maid or not. (By the way kindly tell me if you'd rather eat it later. We all know how hard you work and how busy you are Master.)
It is unavoidable that you'll be flooded with gifts of chocolate Master. Ideally you accept them without causing a breach of etiquette So I must ask why the unrefined expression Master? Furthermore does Curacoa have anything to do with it?!	I am now more capable than ever of demonstrating the Royal Maids' style. Though I am not as talented as my sister Curacoa I sincerely hope you will find my service satisfactory. It is a great honour to work for you.
I am now more capable than ever of demonstrating the Royal Maids' style. Though I am not as talented as my sister Curacoa I sincerely hope you will find my service satisfactory. It is a great honour to work for you.	You've noticed my new fittings? Don't worry they will not impact the execution of my duties as a maid.
To improve is to change. To be perfect is to change often One should bear this quotation in mind.	Maintaining this new equipment takes significantly more time. I suppose that's the price of strength.
To study etiquette is to pursue knowledge. Only in properly managing oneself is one fit to lead others Let's move forward together Master.	I've made some adjustments to my outfit as suggested by the others. What do you think Master?
M- Master what are you Aie?!	You must be exhausted. I have prepared today's tea with your comfort in mind. A maid must always be aware of her master's condition as well as mood. Relax and enjoy. Hehehe.
You can feel the profound heritage and culture of the Dragon Empery from all these customs and outfits for the Lunar New Year's Festival It seems to be ever more necessary to study the traditions and etiquette of this wondrous culture.	Etiquette is closely linked to culture so it's no surprise that there are many differences between the Royal Navy and the Dragon Empery.
The girls from the Empery said that they'd be willing to teach me a few New Year's greetings. Once I've learned them I'll be able to give you some blessings!	For a Royal maid like myself to don the attire of the Dragon Empery isn't this what cultural exchange is all about?
Uwee~ This is so embarrassing Why do I have strike such a pose	What do I like? I'm too embarrassed to say it Eh? I-It's an order? I I like to eat delicious m
That girl's clothes are so beautiful Eh? No no no! I-I'm just complimenting s-s-so I don't think those clothes will suit me!	It's so warm
Blah~ So many rewards~	Wha! Something rang Mail? W-what's that?
Even though I've become stronger I-I'm gonna hide behind my sisters	Nnnggh This is so scary~ But there's fish and chips if we win! I'm gonna do it!
D-Did I win? Eh? Eeeh?! I'm first place?!	*cries* Daddy it's dangerous here I want to go home
I-I'm not weak too!	Did I say something embarrassing?
Do you like chocolate? Thank gosh You can have some of my favourite chocolate! N-n-n-no way I can't make chocolate on my own! A-all I can do is eat it! Sob	Wh-what did you think of our private Valentine's concert? Heehee. Although I'm still a bit embarrassed I did my best since it was just for you A-also Comet said we're going to have dinner with you after the concert Is that true? Oh! H-hooray!
Next I've got Eh hey! Righto what a pose that was! Eheheh~	Just like that time I went fishing with Minneapolis Ahey! Like that Heh heh. That's my St. Lawrence River technique. Wh-what do you think?
Commnader y-ya know I'm an idol? W-w-w-we can't do that but um	Cy-Cyget is victorious~! Saratoga I don't think I'm cut out for this!
This outfit is a little tight Yes really? I understand. I've got to work harder for the Royal Navy!	These clothes are tight after all I-Is that so? I see! For the sake of having the royal cuisine I will work harder!
Well the swimsuit that Hood gave to me is a little tight don't you think? Want to play beach volleyball? Do you think can we win?	Ooh the swimwear that Hood gave me is a little tight Huh? Play beace volleyball with Sara? Am I gonna win?
Hood gave this swimwear to me as a present but how is it? It's not inappropriate for me right?	Ah Hood you are the most beautiful thing in the world! I feel a bit ashamed. Hwe This punishment is so embarrassing
The barbecue party happens after sunset Ehehe I'm looking forward to that as well~	Sara's face darkened when she saw me Do you think she dislikes me?
Christmas feast! I-it's a real Christmas feast! Haah I wanna stuff mahself silly	Hawawa for some reason I'm not gettin' full no matter how much I eat today
Uuu Hood? I'm not a real cygnet even if I don't eat this much I'm still not flyin'	My tummy is sticking out? N-no way that's true Ugh startin' tomorrow I'm gonna go on a diet Startin' tomorrow
Ah um Please don't do that Uuuu	Comet and Crescent picked this outfit for me but ain't it a bit too showy? Erm it's too much innit? Um n-never mind!
It's so cold I'd rather stay inside and eat fish and chips come wintertime But goin' out with you's pretty nice too!	Welcome back Comm Um M-Master!
I thought I'd understand if I tried for myself but the Maid Team really amazing Compared to them I'm just Uuu	Do your best Cygnet! I know you'll be able to do it That's what Saratoga told me so I'll have to work harder!
Umm Thank you for all your support! Speak up and b-bend forward a bit? I I don't think I can do that	G-g-good work M-Master Ah umm would you like some fish and chips?
I heard it was Hood who said I should be a cheerleader So I won't let her down! But these moves ain't easy Maybe it shouldn't be me	Craven did her best to teach me how to cheer but I'm still not very good
Ships of the Royal Navy! And everyone on the field! Umm gooooooooo! I need to be louder?! I really don't think I can	Saratoga says idols have to be multi-talented! S-so I have to do this! I will!
I'm feelin' kinda funny M-must be I'm too tired is all?	I want to fight alongside my sisters again just like at Augusta Bay.
I want to be able to dominate the battlefield with swagger just like Cleveland.	Even though many of my younger sisters were converted into light aircraft carriers I'm not jealous of them at all. After all it's best to be yourself.
Rain or shine hell or high water I'm always ready to sortie!	We were able to complete our mission without a hitch because of everyone's superb teamwork!
Welcome back! I prepared some refreshments but Sorry this isn't exactly my forte.	Let's load up some extra supplies. In a battle of attrition we can't let supplies run out before our spirits do.
I'll make sure to put this power to good use!	All the stars in the sky are our enemies! Everyone fiiiiire!
Let's seize the day! And the next!	I'm still not mature enough?
Your weak point is here!	Scars are the only battle honors I need!
I've relentlessly honed my skills in order to defeat all our enemies but is that really all there is to life?	Even though I don't think I can ever truly grasp the kind of future that you are envisioning if it is something that you can stand by firmly it must be very dazzling and beautiful.
Cleve said we're doing our chocolate-making solo this year so I did some research and this what I got! I know it's not perfect but it should make both you and Cleve happy! Here you go!	Each year I always try to make better chocolate than the last. It's all about doing your absolute best to achieve your goals – that's what I've learned from watching Cleve and I think it's a pretty lit mantra. Anyway while I'm no chocolate expert I can definitely say I outperformed me from a year ago. Here you go!
I love listening to music. My favorite song is made by Lexington!	The caring Yorktown the cool Enterprise the peppy Saratoga The Eagle Union has good people left and right.
My hair is a little messy? Oh thank you for pointing it out! Please let me return the favor by giving you a massage later!	Hm? My chest doesn't hurt so why'd you do that?
If missions feel like a chore to you let me take care of them!	Isn't it wasteful to simply leave the mission rewards sitting there?
Well done on the last mission! Allow me to take care of the after-combat report and you can get some rest in the meanwhile.	The commission team has returned! They've brought with them exactly what we needed so let's put it to good use!
No matter how tough the going gets I will not let anyone down!	I'll do the best I can for everyone's sake!
I did only what was expected of me. Everyone else deserves the rewards!	I-I messed up
I'll handle this!	I've taken significant damage but I'm still in the fight!
Is this for me? Am I really your most beloved? Okay! I can't promise I'll be perfect but I will support you in any way I can be it at work or in private!	According to the weather forecast it's gonna be real sunny today.
What's in this notebook? Well um It's a story about a girl chasing after the person she longs for the most in her dream Y-you want to read it? Fine Ah um! Please promise to keep it a secret from Miss Lexington!	If you want to know where Saratoga is I think I saw her playing beach volleyball with the others?
I seem to be a bit too tired to swim so I'll just enjoy the feeling of rocking around in this floaty ring	Does anyone need any help? Thank goodness looks like everyone is doing well
Eek?! I-I'm gonna flip over!	There's a new announcement. Hopefully it's not a storm warning!
The star at the top of the Christmas tree I wonder what it could mean?	Gridley took lots of pictures of Lexington for me. I ought to thank her later.
E-Ever since I put on this costume Benson has been really staring me down	Pl-Please don't play around with the bells!
Welcome home Master. I am doing well of course! Oh m-my master is worried about me	Master you won't abandon me will you? Can you promise not to? Can I place my faith in you Master? You are trustworthy are you not? Ahh I hope it wasn't a mistake to place my faith in you
Master never abandoned anyone else before correct? Or have you just not done so *yet*? In other words Master cares more about them than me? Blast it I can do better than that!	Have you any work for me to do? Please it can be anything no matter how unimportant. Yes that is my purpose in life as Master's loyal maid.
It is a pleasure to see you beloved Master. Please allow me to serve and soothe you with all my mind and body. After all I am your personal maid and that is my duty.	I did a good job did I? Masterrrrr Ah! It was nothing! J-j-j-just doing my job!
M-Master I am honored to receive your affections but this is most unorthodox	Uwaaa
Thank goodness For as long as there are unfinished missions I have a purpose.	Congratulations Master. The rewards from that mission look spectacular.
I have mail for you Master. Do look it over soon.	Master are you all right? Phew glad to hear it.
Master the rewards from the commission are here. Have a look won't you?	I cannot thank you enough Master! But thank you very much!
Hard work is how I'll be of use to Master! Here I come!	Victory! Brilliant isn't it Master!
I beg your forgiveness Master! Please do not discard me like this broken doll!	For the glory of the master!
I won't give up so easily!	Ahh I beg you Master spare this pitiable maid your mistreatment
As a Royal Maid I will serve my master with duty and conviction. Should you need anything of me do not hesitate to ask.	There are many klutzes among the Royal Maids yet Master looks after them and treats them with care I meanwhile am just Oh I'm terribly sorry! No honourable maid should be openly jealous of her companions! But still those klutzes are such cowards
And so it's because I'm so competent that no one worries about me B-but you worry about me Master? I'm unworthy of such attentions from you! I just When I think of you I Aaahhh	Wh-what was that? How could you possibly love a lowly maid like me? R-really? Truly? Honestly? The Master likes me. The Master really likes me Ahhh.. Help I can't stop smiling
My to think you could fall in love with a worthless maid Master I implore you! Love me forever forever and ever and never let go!	Master your gentle embrace is so warm and pleasant I'm going to melt into you alongside the chocolate If I were to melt into you just like this I could be with your forever Ah what must I do in order to turn into chocolate?
Master I think I made way too much chocolateW-What should I do about it? I'm worried that you'll end up throwing some of the chocolate away without eating them Y-You'll eat all of them? Waah Master!	How is it Master? Does it taste good? I'm glad You won't abandon me or my chocolate just yet. Ehehe maybe if you p-put your mouth on me too I-I didn't say anything!
It is so audacious for a lowly maid to dress herself in such finery and stand at her master's side Still I will go to my master and M-M-Master?!	Master am I wasting your precious time? Please forgive me! I am almost ready!
Master what do you think of my dress.? Oh it looks good? Does that perhaps mean I am unworthy of it? And you want to cast me out?! But Master	Master might I accompany you to the party this evening? I swear I won't be a bother! I only ask that you occasionally acknowledge me
Rest assured no matter how I dress I am ever your most loyal maid! You may ask anything of me and I will do my utmost!	Serving as your bodyguard is also one of my duties Master! Indeed I am here to guard you with my very life!
Wha?! You want to help me get ready? B-b-but to do something so mundane And and to do it for me Aahh	Master m-my clothes are a mess We now We can't
I cannot believe you are here and I am still getting dressed. What a worthless maid I am. Forgive me!	The party is about to begin and here you are Master standing by my side waiting for me That can only mean you don't want to toss me away. That you care about me Ooh If only we could stay like this forever
Welcome back~ What are we going to do today?	My big sister is definitely cuter at least compared to me.
Is it not common knowledge that my big sister is the cutest in the world?	For allowing me to use the intel my sister gave me Bismarck is such a generous person.
If it's about my sister I could speak for three days and three nights and still not be done.	Missions huh? Makes me think of all the time I spent with my sister.
Here are your rewards! Please take good care of them.	I'll continue to do my best with my big sister as my goal~
I'll do my best to not embarrass my sister!	This gets me one step closer to my big sister~
Guh! I can't fall here!	Sister please lend me your strength!
This is a bit of a struggle	I really can't compare to my sister
It's not an exaggeration to say my sister is a world treasure a gift from the heavens. It's an honor for me to have a sister like her.	Ah could it be that you've developed feelings beyond friendship for me? In that case I must properly respond to them.
I've perfectly replicated my cute little Norfolk's chocolate from the technique all the way to the ingredients. Imitation is the highest form of flattery as they say! And now I offer this gift to you and everyone else! Please take it!	Oh? Do you fancy girls with a bit of muscle? Girls like me?
Tsk! I'm so bored~ I wanna blow something up!	My magazine's too easy to hit? It's fine one day or another it'll blow up anyway!
Ah that's the spot right there~	You looking to get bitten?
Looks like you've got some unfinished missions!	Alright let's go fetch those rewards!
Yo! You've got mail!	Everyone is back! When are we taking off again?
A commission has been completed Hey are there any commissions where we can blow stuff up?	Hey I really want to make something violently explode right now!
Let's go girls! Show them what we've got!	Weaklings do you know Downes' power now?
Ow ow ow My magazine's been	Eat this!
There's nothing I hate more than the listless!	My body? Don't pay it any attention. I've only had half of it replaced. I can still eat and sleep just fine. Nothing's wrong!
Babam! Here's my handmade titan-class ginormous chocolate bar! Cassin might have quantity but I've got quality! Quality is about taste not sheer size? Hey size is king baby! It's like with guns – the bigger the better am I right?	Yo! Talk about being early! C'mere and gimme a hand stocking these shelves.
Hahahah! Whaddya think of my little creation here? Oh and don't tell Akashi about it!	I reckon I can make an explosive out of stuff lying around the store! Look I'm just saying it's possible!
This fella's almost past its expiration date Heheh. Should we ask Akashi for permission to do an inventory sweep?	What'd I tell you – two heads are more productive than one!
You've finally come. What should we start with today? It's great to think about battle plans and all but how about sending me on a sortie first?	All great odysseys must begin somewhere but true glory only awaits those who reach their destination That's why you ought to stay your course until the very end!
Basically ships arm themselves with armor and equipment—in other words with artillery and torpedoes. Meanwhile humans arm themselves with courage and intelligence—in other words with perception and wisdom.	While I don't hate customs and ceremony I do prefer the simpler things.
The dew-kissed fruit of the morning makes for the best juice. Don't you agree?	I tend to get along better with people who are straightforward. If there's something you want to say to me say it clearly.
Huuh? You sure have some guts.	Doing mundane tasks is totally not my style. Um Why don't we check the rewards first?
Can't complain about the bounty but I just feel like there's something missing.	Here a letter for you. Anybody find information on some treasure?
Instead of collecting supplies like this wouldn't it be better to just raid the enemy for Actually never mind.	Now that's the kind of sound I want to hear from my main guns! Ahahaha!
Alright let's do this with fanfare!	Victory always leaves you feeling nice and refreshed!
How humiliating I'll get you back for this! Just you wait!	You won't find any mercy here!
Ugh they got me!	I am willing to turn a blind eye to a few accidents but if you keep doing this intentionally don't expect any mercy from me.
Everything goes on the battlefield. Whether you fight fair-and-square or use backhanded methods it matters not. History is written by the victors.	Sure it's great to travel together and all but aren't all these places too close by? Port the surrounding areas and the nearby ocean Sigh. Honestly going to these places doesn't make me excited at all. Next time I'm taking you somewhere farther away.
I see. So what you're telling me is that it's not the place that matters but that if I'm with you anywhere is fine?  Haha W-Wait are you saying	Don't you think it's strange too? This feeling that's not quite 'having my heart stolen' or 'feeling vexed' but more just 'feeling embarrassed'? Gosh it's all your fault that I'm not acting like myself!  But I don't quite hate this feeling either Well? Do you get what I mean?
All right I got my hands on some limited-time chocolate! Now let's take a look at today's loot–– No way! I'm not in the mood to share with you right now Yeah let's enjoy things slowly after we get back!	I mean yes of course I wanted to improve my artillery and torpedoes get thicker plating and improve my engines—but it's too expensive to do so.
How'd you like some lime juice? Yes I do think fresh juice is the best and you're gonna need to get used to it when you're sailing the high seas. Hehe~	Hey What do you think you're doing while the sun's still up
Hm I see. This is what it feels like to be loved by someone you love. Not wanting to snatch someone away or wanting to monopolize them but feeling excited and safe It feels a bit strange	Phew Swimming like this doesn't feel all that refreshing Hey how about you stop staring and come join me?
I heard this is a nice place to swim. Imagine my surprise to learn it wasn't a beach but an outdoor pool Still I guess if we're just killing time this is as good a place as any	Artificial waves? Hmm this might be more fun than I thought. Time to show off my swimming skills!
C-could you stop staring at me like that? You're starting to weird me out	Hahah seems like this manjuu needs some more practice if it's struggling with these meager waves!
*sigh* I'm not feeling satisfied yet. Guess I'll go for another swim	Ooh my shoulders were starting to get a little stiff. You're not half-bad eh~
Good exercise followed by some exquisitely cool watermelon man it's just the best! Hey you'd better get over here and have a bite or I'll finish this whole thing by myself!	I am the final development from a class of treaty cruiser. With the performance enhancements I recieved victory is but guaranteed in any battle I partake in.
It matters not how strong your adversary is as long as you are stronger. That is what war boils down to.	Hmm. Climb Mount Niitaka? I see I'm not alone in the desire to mountaineer What? That's not what the message means?
What has gotten into you?!	Say the word and I will complete these missions for you.
Mission complete. It's time you looked over the rewards.	You have a letter. Whoever wrote it is brutishly uncourteous It's what? From Naval HQ? I see.
Now the question is how to make the best use of my new abilities?	To battle! My splendor shall be proven!
I am the Empire's splendor – Duca degli Abruzzi! Etch this name into your memories!	Alas we must shamefully turn our backs on our foes
Witness my full potential!	As long as I can still fight I will!
You've proven yourself a spineless imbecile. Get out of my sight!	My name is Luigi di Savoia Duca degli Abruzzi. You find that too hard to memorize? Then you may shorten it to Duca degli Abruzzi but no less than that. My dignity won't allow it.
Don't fret over each and every obstacle you face Commaner. Your subordinates will do all in their power to help.	This ring could only mean one thing. You want my support till death do us apart no? Then I will oblige. After all there is no greater joy than knowing you want me by your side forever. Hahaha.
Care for some tea before work? I'll put the kettle on.	I truly do hope to see you at Le Triomphant's tea party. Feel free to ask if you want suggestions on what gifts you should bring.
You're not procrastinating but rather taking a break? I wish you would've said so sooner. Forgive me if I've been excessively strict. Let us both work on our undesirable quirks.	Your presence has lifted a great burden from my shoulders. The energy it has freed up I will use to better myself.
I don't blame you for losing control but you must consider the impact on your public image.	You have been defeated by the one and only Luigi di Savoia Duca degli Abruzzi! Remember this fact!
Fixated on my younger sister hmm? You lend credibility to the adage that heroism breeds virility. Hahah!	What do you think of this neon-lit cityscape? It doesn't start to compare to the idyllic vistas of Sardegna but it has its own merits.
You truly are dependable to the utmost obliging my younger sister with your company like this.	Valiant? I'm not sure where she is. Which is concerning as I don't believe she's a good swimmer
Enjoy your time here. Let others take care of any bothersome chores in the meantime.	Is the water temperature satisfactory? You must not come here much so make the most of your visit. If you want something just ask for it.
There are things in this world that you might never be able to accomplish but that is no reason to give up hope.	What am I going to do with you
There's no shortage of new missions for us to get through Hard work is important and all but let's not overwork ourselves.	Oh my it looks like the commission fleet has returned. Perfect timing - I'll invite them to try my new confections.
Every little bit matters.	Apologies. I have no mercy to spare for my enemies.
Let's keep up this pace.	T'en fais pas a defeat here is not the end.
Let's do it just like we practiced!	I'm only getting warmed up
Everyone looks like they're having so much fun I couldn't ask for anything more.	Ice-cream based desserts are delicious but they melt too easily I might have to bring a cooler with me next time
It's been a long time since I last was able to enjoy scenery like this without any worries	Want to try gazing into the ocean horizon together? It always puts my mind at ease.
Enemies? Way to spoil the scenery	Who wants to have some crullers? I made more than enough for everyone~
Don't you simply adore the atmosphere in this place? It's one of my favorites. The desserts here are to die for. Would you like a taste?	Is it a very important mission? Well then I'll go with you.
We have new intelligence? Well don't worry about me. Please check it at once.	The warm sunlight the peaceful atmosphere the soothing music all embracing me as I relax and chat with one so dear to me. If this is a dream I hope to never wake up
There are many Royal Navy ships named Eagle and I will go great lengths to maintain its honourable reputation.	Let's see what's on the menu today Fruits and a vegetable salad. Ideal for a low-calorie diet.
How much do I weigh? Ahem you'd better drop this topic or else! Okay I'm just exaggerating. But I hope you understand that it's a sensitive topic for me.	A band of Iron Blood submarines ran away before I could as much as say hello. Again Guess I'll have to come up with a good way of approaching them.
What is it? An invitation to get lunch? Hmm Sorry but could you go in my place?	You see this is the reason why we have to teach people proper etiquette.
There's mail for you. Don't forget to give it a look.	Commission complete. Let's go and offer the returning team some biscuits. Don't worry about me I can do without.
Enhancements huh I just wish they wouldn't affect my weight	The battlefield Heh I'm getting all fired up!
To show compassion to your foe is to put the safety of your allies at risk.	Tsk I've taken damage after fighting for so long I'll need repairs when we return.
You're mine!	A warrior of the Royal Navy won't back down so easily!
You're betraying everyone's trust in you by acting like this. Pull yourself together for god's sake!	People say I'm not great at socializing a fact that I begrudge. But my social skills aside I do know my manners.
Despite my low-calorie diet and daily rigorous exercise my weight stays the same *sigh* I guess my past status as a battleship defines me more than I think But why?! How does everyone else manage to lose weight just fine?!	You are irreplaceable to me. Whatever becomes of me Scratch that. I'll stay the way I am now just for you. Because I think this is what made me equally irreplaceable to you. Am I right?
Even though I made low-calorie chocolate for you considering the amount of Valentine's chocolate you'll probably be getting today I might as well've been trying to light a match in a storm. In any case I've prepared your next month's training regiment as well. Starting tomorrow let's burn those calories and strive for a healthy lifestyle!	I've gotten better at talking to all the submarines. Knowing you for so long has helped me substantially improve my social skills.
An invitation for lunch eh? With you watching over me I think I can do it. Let's go.	Despite my weight I have little meat on my– Wh-what are you doing?!
That really hit the spot thank you. No matter how hard the going may get I will always keep advancing for you.	Weight and appearances don't bother me as much anymore. We as ships can't physically change much anyway and you're happy with me no matter how I look. We are both irreplaceable to one another after all.
Debrief me on your symptoms. Oh that doesn't sound like what a doctor would say? Then how about Do you feel ill?	I've come well prepared in hopes of learning the ropes of our infirmary.
I've come up with a new healthy diet that improves your physical stamina. Care to give it a try?	Treating wounds and saving lives – being a doctor comes with great responsibility but also great pride.
Let's take your temperature just to be sure. Mind if I assist with that?	Wales someone can be small and still have a lot of potential you know! Ehehe Echo doesn't know what that means but maybe they're words of praise~?
I made a promise to Edinburgh: I must return to port now and then no matter how far away I go~	Be it with my E-class sisters or strangers I can make friends with anyone I have fun with so don't worry about me!
Wha? Hood said I shouldn't let people touch me there	Mail has arrived~ Maybe there are yummy snacks enclosed within it~ Ehehe~
Would you like to eat snacks with Echo~?  You aren't hungry? In that case you can just watch me while I eat.	The commission girls are back~ Echo will go check if they brought any yummy snacks with them~
Chaaarge! Ehehe don't I sound like a flagship?	Wowee~ Echo got MVP? Ehehe~ So you're basically praising me?
Ugh don't bully meee	Here I come! Witness Echo's might!
What are we here for? I don't quite get what this is for Okay if you give me candy then I will stay with you to the end! Okie dokie I'll open my mouth so please feed me candy~	Lala~ Sweet chocolate makes everyone happy. Wouldn't it be wonderful if we all could rejoice in sweetness every day? As the first step towards that goal I'd like to spend this whole day with you as sweetly as possible!
Ah! I'm not doing anything weird! I'm just transporting gold bars into the room!	I'm not going to give these to you no matter how much you stare at me.
I want to be as elegant as Hood but well	Eeeh! Bel where are you? I forgot my keys again
Hmhmm~ Even Scharnhorst had to turn tail and run away when she saw me!	Hey!! Don't touch that! It's gonna fall!
Thanks! I'm feeling a bit more energized.	You have to finish your missions properly!
I seem to have forgotten about something Well whatever!	I made cookies! Please have a taste They taste the same as Bel's? Well we're sisters after all!
When it comes to military commissions I'm a pro!	It seems like I've become luckier!
Wh-Wh-What to do?? First let's retre I mean intercept them!	Crushing the enemies with elegance That is the elegant Ediburgh of the royal family!
Gh the bullion	No matter how thick the armor is it can't win against the power of gold!
Gh At least let me protect the gold!	Everything goes well when 'that girl' does it so it should be fine if I'm a little clumsy shouldn't it?
I've been lectured by Bel again Forgetting to lock doors when going out and turning off the tap What the heck! She's totally not like a little sister!	Hmhm I'm fine with sharing some of my money-luck with you. The gold? No! That belongs to the Belfast Foundation!
Even if I'm not as multi-talented as Bel I am still able to be of service to you right? Here's your Valentine's chocolate and I can brew you an absolutely splendid pot of tea to go along with it! I can't wait to impress you with my performance! Mhm!	Have you already tasted Bel's chocolate? Have mine next then! We agreed we'd do it in order remember? You'll get a better sense of my chocolate's qualities if you eat it right after hers!
Why doesn't she have to go to school with meshe says she's a maid for the Queen? Well me too! You can be a maid and school girl at the same timetsk tsk---	This pendant is so cute right?! I copied from that girl. Let's call her “Belfast”.
Hmmthis Alchemy is really mysterious but once I mastered it then Belfast's trust fund will	Belfast wake me up before you wake up Elizabeth. Otherwise she will criticize me for getting up late again
Do I look like a child who's so easily bullied? Hehe but as elegant as I am no wonder I am called a fairy.	Victory let me rub your cheeks again doing so always brings me good luck.
Belfast before you go to greet the girls returning from commission could you brush my hair? It's a mess	Tsk tsk we don't need her here. In any case Belfast will always be by my side. Fleet prepare for interception!
M-my Belfast are you ok?!	Ah! I'm just transporting the Queen's bullion in the pumpkin! It's not what you think!
I'm a Royal Maid I'm certainly not afraid of any- Hyaaaaah!? Wh-wh-where did that come from!?  Phew D- don't scare me like that now!	They're saying I've got spicy candy mixed in here? That's odd I hand picked them all myself Now where did that rumor come from?
Ta-daaah! It's a special Halloween Maid uniform! Lovely innit? Heheee I'd say bits of me even outshine Bel!	Gneisenau's costume there it's a bit Um it's something
Oi there! Don't be doing that when I'm busy!	Bel are you really turning down the Halloween event because you're too busy with Head Maid duties? Gosh you really ought to make time for your sister~
I should invite Hiyou and Junyou over for tea sometime Huh I can't? Why not?	You can't just touch me as you please~ Come on beg for my permission!
Look what we have here~ A form for you to reflect on your inability to complete your missions on time Think long and hard about how you want to write it~	The rewards for the missions you completed are here! I-it's not like I was trying to report them late on purpose You'll fill the reflection form out? You're the best!
Here's a letter for you. When are you going to read it?	You're finally back! Yep these should suffice as your refreshments! How are they? Ah no comments on how it tastes though!
The girls have come back from their commissions. It almost feels like I'm not the only one being worked to the bone by you.	Heehee~! I'm even stronger now!
I'm coming to beat you up!	Kneel in front of me! Pretty please
It's time for your punishment!	I I haven't even gotten serious yet!
It turns out you really were an inferior creature all along	If I give this kind of work to you you'll surely be very troubled! I-it's fine for me to trouble you?
I'm a very bad girl so I'll keep finding new ways to trouble you more and more! Now brace yourself~ Y-you're busy today so I shouldn't? Oh Okay then	Here is your Valentine's chocolate! You have a sweet tooth don't you? Guess what – I used tons of cocoa powder and made it quite bitter! You appreciate it since you've gotten so much sweet chocolate already? Uh-huh I see! Isn't that wonderful!
I've been thinking Isn't it pretty unusual for you to be the one who always makes coffee for me? I mean even if I'm a bad girl you're still my superior and you can't leave out my sugar on purpose like that!	Hehehe I went and swapped around some of the forms you're supposed to work on. Will you finally admit that I'm a bad girl now?
Once this war is over maybe I can go back to being a good girl B-but that's only if you promise that you'll always stay with me!	As your secretary ship I'll make sure that I work myself to the bone! Now now leave all of your work to me and wallow in your pangs of guilt~
My gorgeous body can even withstand battles! Hehe you can keep admiring me	A-aren't you too enthusiastic about this?!
If they make you fill out a reflection form for not completing your missions on time leave it to me! Ehehe	Here are the mission rewards. Your beaming face is enough to make it worthwhile.
I always thought that being a bad girl would keep you interested in me but sometimes I just want to be a good girl who clings to your side O-only every once in a while though got it?	Thank you all for waiting! Large mugs of Iron Blood beer just as ord–– W-waaah?! Nnngh! Phew somehow managed to not spill anything Wh-what's your deal?!
Master what would you like to order today? Hehehe.	You can't find your steak knife? He hehe that's right! It was all me! Now you're going to make me get on my knees before scolding me right? Wait you're just going to leave me here?!
It's not good for you to drink so much A-After all I don't know what kind of wild things you might do to me when you're inebriated	Eeeeek?!
You want to bring the girls some refreshments? Sure hold on for a moment then	We won! My time to shine is here!
Heheh how do you like my outfit today? Y-you say it's cute and it looks good on me? Th-thank you	I-I don't mind if you sit here! Today you have special permission to be next to me!
Heheh I will gladly let you carry my things! Where should we go next? Ordo you need a minute to rest?	Bwuh?! Did you hear that?!
I-is this a massage?	Why don't we forget about all the missions for a day? Come and be bad with me!
Here are your rewards. Allow me to hold your things for you.	Thank you for your continued efforts. Um Wh-why are you looking at me so expectantly?
We won! I'm really on fire today!	No rain today I assume? I see So there was no point in me bringing an umbrella.
It could rain today. You see when I say it's going to rain the weather always turns sunny	My rigging is so intimidating Strong though it may be it's no good in the hands of someone helpless like me.
After all my efforts there's no less work than when I started But if I give up your workload might increase instead Ughhh	Maybe I could help with No I'm good for absolutely nothing.
Y-you flatter me	I hope this letter has good news for you and bad news for me
Welcome back. You came home safe and sound because I wished that you'd get battered and bruised. My wishes never ever come true you see	The commission team is back. I'd better not retrieve the rewards or some will magically disappear
Why strengthen me of all people?	I'll take care to stay out of collision range!
I I'm the MVP? You don't have to hold back for my sake I just don't have what it takes to be the MVP	Sure enough all battles I partake in end in defeat
It won't matter if I can't hit them!	W-we're gonna collide!
I'll state this upfront: I'm feeble clumsy cursed with terrible luck and I doubt I'll be much of any use to you	None of my shells ever land. Even when I take another shot it just misses. All I do is waste ammunition *sigh*
You've been kind to me this whole time not because I'm useful but because you pity me isn't that right? I only wish I could do anything in return	A promise ring?! B-but that'd make us both happy when I explicitly I see now. The wish must've come true because I wished for your happiness not my own. Thank goodness *sniffle* I'm so glad it came true!
I've not made any chocolate for you. If I did the universe would do everything to prevent me from seeing you today. So if I do see you I'll have nothing to give you which is just as bad *sigh* R-really?! YOU'VE brought chocolate for ME?! But are you sure? I don't deserve it at all	You think it's going to rain today? I see I brought my umbrella hoping the weather would clear up. H-hopefully this will be a sunny day.
Oh gosh! I'm so sorry! I shouldn't have thrown the door open! I thought there's no way you're in here but lo and behold you were standing right at the entrance	We should go on a date since it's sunny? Um sure! I'll bring my umbrella to ensure this nice weather sticks around for the whole day!
Destroyers usually have cute little riggings Something like what they have would suit me better. Heehee.	Is there any way I can help? As long as it's something I can handle and will make your job easier
If there's any way I can help I'll try.	New mission rewards! I wonder wh-what we've received.
Of course your wellbeing is important to me but I try not to think about it. I mean wishing for your safety only puts you in danger. Simply not worrying about you is the best way to ensure nothing bad happens	Are you sure you want me to fetch the commission rewards? Items on the list might get lost somehow if I do it
I'm going to have an awful day today. It's going to rain the restaurant I booked a table at will close early same for the movie theater after that and you'll receive urgent work that keeps you busy all night That should do it! Thanks for waiting while I recited all that.	As the mistress of this manor I c-command thee to kneel No of course. I mean what authority do I have to issue commands? I'm better suited to be a maid than a mistress
This is what happens when you stretch your clothes past their limit It's not my fault? Yes it is because I'm a bad fit for this role	I'd be helpless even in the role of a maid. All I would do is mess up constantly and be a burden to you
At the risk of sounding rude Emden should be doing this not a trainwreck like me.	Since we can't fall asleep we could always cuddle together or not I know you'd say no if I Oh we can?
I'm worried I might wish for something that negatively affects you in my dreams You doubt my curse extends to my dreams? Maybe not but I'll have forgotten what I wished for once I wake up so you can never be sure	S-Sorry Am I too close?
I guess I should try to stay still I don't want to bump into you by accident You can change positions if you want. I-I can handle a bump or two	If you really can't sleep should I whisper into your ear like Emden did? Alright let me just turn over to Eep!
Whew I made a wish that you'd come back dead tired which is why you're full of energy. Although that'll only make it harder for you to fall asleep won't it?	The commission team is back? Right yeah I'd forgotten. It's not their bedtime yet.
This is either a fluke or I'm dreaming.	You have to take good care of telescope lenses Otherwise they might get scratched up and that's a huge problem.
I like to gaze out into the distant scenery. What your eye can perceive is so much greater than what your fingertips are able to touch.	There should be a lot of great observation spots around the port right? I'd like to jot them all down when I get the chance.
Da Recco if you're going to go out wouldn't it be safer to take a more charted route?	You want to try looking through my telescope? Um sure but be careful
P-please stop that	Is there something wrong with my ribbon?
Here's the mission completion report Need help looking over it? If a typo slipped its way into the final submission	You've got new mail. It's from somewhere I can't see Hrmm someplace far far away?
Oh. Sorry I was taking in the scenery outside and didn't notice you returning	Our friends from the commission team have returned. Look they're over there––
Am I able to see farther now?	Enemy spotted Commencing attack!
Did we manage to win? That's a relief	I see you!
I mustn't drag the others down	I'm sorry but please leave me alone
A telescope makes it possible to see things clearly even from a distance From a place far far away where I won't bother anyone	Imprinting a beautiful scenery into your memory after seeing it once is already good enough But sometimes the more you see something the more you want to touch it feel it
Eh? Th-this is for me? Thank you I'll make sure to treasure it no matter what Ehehe I don't have to keep gazing from a distance anymore After all happiness is within my reach	My telescope can bring the most distant of sceneries right before me but I won't be able to touch them. It's a rather lonely feeling The same goes for people I like
The same scenery can look completely different when sharing it with someone else as opposed to viewing it alone Ehehe maybe I'm not so envious of the others anymore.	I wish there was a telescope that two people could use at once
You know I'm not good with these kinds of things right? (*blushes*)	Ehehe I saw you coming back from a long way away. But it still feels more comforting to welcome you in person like this
It's our victory. I'm really glad that I was able to be of help to you and the others.	When I travel alone I keep all my emotions buried deep inside me But when I'm with somebody else I feel like I can open up my heart Ehehe I'm so glad that I get to share this journey with the person I love
Th-thank you for coming all this way to see me Phew I've finally managed to calm down a little and I don't think I'm as nervous as before	I have to stand up there in front of everyone as a part of the set Just thinking about it is making my heart pound like crazy
If you're talking about my telescope I let my friends hold on to it. Y-you want to use it to look at me since you're sitting pretty far back? P-please stop teasing me	Now that I think about it this outfit is pretty risqué I wonder why Laffey doesn't seem to mind at all
Y-you shouldn't do something like that	Th-the microphone isn't clipped on crooked right?
You've come. If it's fighting I'm ready for it any time.	So long as we live there are things that will never go our way. When we die it must happen in a way that carries no regrets.
What is it? Sortie time?	What the?!
It's one battle after another huh	I will show you what lies at the end of power
Venture forth!	I've lost after giving my all. I'm not regretting this
It's over!	Interesting!
It is my wish to live honestly and sincerely. That's why I'll speak my mind if I have something to say. You too should do the same without holding back.	What do you want to do after the war? --Me? I'll probably stick with you. I feel the safest out of battle when I'm with you. Will you take me along with you?
Valentine's chocolate for you. I put my all into making it and I'm confident that no other girl's chocolate is better than it. Eat it. Promise me.	It wouldn't be fair to keep you all to myself. As long as everyone else gets to feel happy I don't mind if you eat my chocolate later. Go on enjoy Valentine's Day – I'll hold the fort in the meanwhile You really want to patrol with me huh? Well alright. If that's what you want I'll oblige. Heehee.
How how does it look? Do I look a bit strange no of course I like it. I'd say every girl dreams about this day just that	As long as you are around no matter how tough a battle I endure or how great the pain I suffer from being separated from you I'll go on with hope that I'll finally be with you.
Would you like to try my cooking tonight? Vestal said that I've already mastered her cooking skillsI am not that kind of girl who solely exists on the battlefield	Because of you I started to believe that one day this war will past and people will smile happily again.
Hmm I like you the same way that you like me.	Be thankful for the past have dreams for the future and live life in the present!
Merry Christmas! Is there anything you'd like as a present?	Of course Santa Claus is real. Hmm? Right in front of you.
A white Christmas how beautiful Eh? W-wait Vestal don't drag me back in! I'm not cold I swear I'm really not cold!	Celebrate to your heart's content! These wonderful memories shall light your way during the darkest battles.
So this is the traditional attire of the Dragon Empery? Hmm it fits quite well. Oh? Custom-made bow and arrows Interesting let's see how far these arrows can fly.	My flight deck is also decorated with a theme from the Dragon Empery. Its colors represent joy and happiness. Not bad huh.
According to legend a mythical beast called the Nian comes out during the Lunar New Year. It can be warded off by setting off a lot of firecrackers.	I heard that it's customary in the Dragon Empery to hand out red envelopes during the New Year. Should I prepare some for the Union girls?
Ah you're here. I'm ready to go whenever you are. Oh can't be forgetting my helmet!	Vacation huh To be honest I've been deployed in so many places during my lengthy service that sometimes even vacations feel like yet another mission
Recently Essex has picked up biking as well. It'd be great to go out with everyone else next time.	Would you also like to see my trusty steed?
Good work out there! Go ahead and take a break while the others are being inspected.	Enterprise engage!
For the sake of freedom and the Azur Lane I'll keep on winning!	Sometimes there really is a no-win scenario
Maybe I should just hit the road and never look back	There is no doubt in my mind that I was born to fight. For the azure lanes of liberty Enterprise engaging!
I do not believe that it is correct to wantonly resort to violence even in the name of justice.	I'm quite impressed by the Royal Maids. Aside from their combat prowess they're also very good at a wide variety of other things.
You wouldn't do this to Yorktown would you	We still have missions that haven't been completed. You should check on their progress.
Would you like to greet the commission fleet? It's a good idea to get some exercise. Otherwise Hornet's going to make fun of you.	Enterprise sallying forth! Let us crush our enemies!
Our slight advantage seems to have given us the victory here.	So I've overstepped my limits?
My ballgown? I don't normally get to wear clothes like these so it took me a while to change. Ah let's hurry to the venue. We shouldn't keep everyone else waiting.	I'm Enterprise of the Eagle Union. Let's proceed to the event venue.
Right I didn't get to ask you earlier since you were in a hurry but what do you think about my outfit? I value your input just as much as I value that of Hornet and the others.	I'm used to emergency sorties. Even if I'm at a banquet just give me the order and I'll scramble my planes.
What about Independence? Ahh she's a nice and adorable girl just like Eagle. Good friends who heal my heart from the weariness of battle.	The girls in the commission fleet have returned? The formalities will have to wait then. I'll go welcome them back first.
May this victory serve as the ornament to a fine celebration.	Let's do our best today. I'll be cheering you on.
Is that Zuikaku? That's a pretty showy outfit though I'm not exactly in a position to talk myself.	Essex be careful when you're charging ahead! Oh um I didn't mean to patronize I just can't help but get a bit worried
You'd like to help me with the maintenance? Sure. To be honest you might be better suited for this job. Ahaha~	A photo op? Sure but what kind of pose should I make?
The commission fleet has returned. Sorry but could you welcome them back in my place?	Come spread your wings and fly!
First place huh? Normally not much of a reason to celebrate but since we're at a race let's uncork the champagne.	There you are. I'm good to go whenever you are.
With so many museums and iconic buildings it's no wonder this city is called the Capital of Art. I'd love to come here again with you at some later point.	I asked Vestal about places to visit and she suggested this village where lavenders bloom en masse. Said we should definitely check it out.
After visiting all these places with you I've realized something – the sights themselves aren't super important to me what matters is seeing them together with someone dear to me.	What's up? Our tickets are all in order if that's what you're wondering.
Can we check out a gift shop now that you've claimed these rewards? I want to get something for my sisters that'll really make them smile.	Commission team's come back. Let's go say hi and give them some souvenirs while we're at it.
No matter where my foes appear I'll take them down all the same!	Guess we're celebrating this victory with a full course dinner. I can't wait.
This is why you never pop the champagne early	I am not the harbinger of death I am just.. guiding them after their times are u
Did you just have an out-of-body experience?	I'll always protect my little sisters.
I have to say this warmth I don't dislike it.	Allow me to channel forth the whispers of the dead
uh  I'm sorry it seems like I was having an out-of-body experience.	You'll experience an eternity of restlessness if you die with incomplete missions.
Rewards are but worldly possessions. It makes no difference to me whether you collect them or not.	Letters are what connect humans. Hold them dear.
The silence after a battle is divine. Take your time and rest.	I'm not particularly interested in embarking on commissions The other girls always say I see weird stuff. I suppose it can't be helped Anyway your girls are back!
The purer the darkness the calmer my mind.	Please remain calm. The darkness will only make the stars shine brighter.
Allow me to harvest the souls of our enemies.	Even if you manage to defeat me you'll never escape the infinite darkness.
Want a taste of death?	The darkness is with us.
It was hard to take care of my sister at the beginning but I got used to it used to being alone? I'm just used to the fear of it.	Whenever I'm afraid all I have to do is think of my little sister. It gives me the strength to push on. Even though my sister can't be without me I can't be without her either.
I'm afraid no longer. Being next to you I'm willing to become the darkness to your light; And if that light were to swallow me No even if I was to be devoured that would be fine too.	Where there's light there's darkness. Wherever you are I'll be near. This isn't fate but the law of this world It's nothing it's just something that I've wanted to say for a long time if I ever found someone who I truly liked.
Be they living or dead shipgirl or human all beings long for the intoxicating warmth of Valentine's. Let us enjoy it together before the heat fades.	I put a little curse on this chocolate so that you won't disappear like Erebus did My wish is that you continue to remain by me and Terror.
Those who embrace the shadows will find only an illusory happiness But for me that much is sufficient.	I am still but a shadow. The only difference is I've found a small small thing to strive for.
I'm here as always.	No matter how long the night the dawn will come again
I am the witch of Hallow's Eve here to guide your soul into the ever darkness that's what the concept of the Halloween witch is about right?	The Halloween event has started. But I'm supposed to wait here until it's my time to come out.
Terror really wanted to go to the Halloween party with me but I	Legend has it that real monsters come out on Hallow's Eve Shall we search for them?
These festivities have diluted the ever darkness with noise and light but it's not such a bad thing.	T-trick or treat? Oh right you can have this special bewitched candy.
I can hear the wailing of souls passing through the ever darkness You want to know what they're saying?	Everyone knows that the Essex class is strong but still Enterprise is all they ever talk about *sigh*
There are a lot of ships in my class. As the nameship I have to do everything I can to be a good role model	Musashi and Yamato? They were yes formidable rivals worthy of respect. I hope I can meet them again one day.
Time to sortie?! Just leave it to me! Oh you just wanted to chat?	Wh-what is this?! I I
There are still unfinished missions? Mind letting me handle things this time?	The mission rewards have arrived. Are you sure you don't need me to go get it?
There's new mail for you. Here you go.	The birth of the Essex-class would not have been possible without the hard work of the logistics teams. I have to show my gratitude to everyone.
When will I be able to get jets	All carrier-based aircraft in position anti-air defense preparations complete. All forces full speed ahead!
Enterprise did you see my feat?	I won't let it end like this I swear it!
Spread your wings and soar!	I wonder how Enterprise puts up with someone like you
I witnessed the end of the era of battleships with my own eyes. Will carriers share the same fate some day?	Jealousy? No that's not the case. Enterprise is a true hero worthy of all the respect she gets. However compared to her dazzling aura I'm just
I might never be able to become a hero like Enterprise But when I'm with you I feel like I can do so much more than just that	Even being able to see a small portion of these 2448 miles has been an eye-opening experience. Though I wasn't able to ride from sea to shining sea what an unforgettable journey it's been!
Enterprise advised me to pursue some hobbies that aren't related to combat This should count as one of those.	Combat is something that must be done at full throttle. It'd be dangerous to do that while riding though
You followed us the entire way? What an incredible eagle!	Phew Hm? This bottle of water is for me? Thank you very much! I'll help myself then.
Did you want to rest for a bit? That's fine take your time.	I even got Mr. Eagle here all decked out~ Looks pretty sharp and spiffy right?
We've got new work? Um I really hope my head clears up soon Ugh everything's still spinning	Did the mission rewards already get here? Th-thank god
Everyone was greeting me one after another at the party and there I was basking in their attention so I started toasting everyone and Ugh! Why am I so childish?!	The princess and the prince snuggled up to one another and sailed into the sea of stars above the castle~ Did you hear that?! Ah forget it Just write it off as me being drunk and let me cling to you already! Hehe ehehehe
The Dragon Empery's attire and tools of calligraphy I see just wearing this outfit makes me feel more scholarly and artistic! I shall put forth my best effort to prepare for the port's Spring Festival!	Happy Lunar New Year! I'll be waiting for your orders!
One don't be blinded by the pursuit of perfection; two seek harmony in the spacing between ink and paper Hmm Does this look right? No there's something off still Man this is hard	This is a special technique to maneuver the flight deck Fantastic! At this rate I'll catch up to Enterprise in no time!
What are those girls doing Eh? Is that how big brushes normally are?!	Intrepid see that star right there? That's Mercury but the Dragon Empery used to call it the Chenxing. Heheh~
Am I supposed to add another stroke here? I understand. Um right here?	The longer the transport distance the greater the logistical difficulty. I must extend my gratitude to everyone who works so hard to maintain our supply lines.
Attack squadron ready to scramble! Just like an eagle soaring through the sky!	I hope my eagle didn't get eaten But now's not the time to worry about that. Gotta focus on the investigation first!
I am Detective-Carrier Essex unraveller of mysteries revealer of truths! Alright that's a good-enough catchphrase Gotta look cool in front of Intrepid and all.	This piece of evidence is the drink Enterprise left behind? And there's a lemon here too? Oh uhh forget I said anything!
This piece of evidence is the witness's photograph but I have to glue it back together – speaking of which where'd the glue go?	This piece of evidence is The Manjuus that interrogated Cheshire seemed to mention something about an organization called the Republic of Essex How strange I'll have to look into this the next time I catch her.
This piece of evidence is Wait isn't this Bunker Hill?! Why were you so fired up to get a shot like THIS?	Let's let Shangri-La analyze the photographs. We're more cut out for field work!
Y-you're trying to pass down the WHAT?	I just picked up the mission rewards. What the heck is up with this Matryoshka doll? Pfft ahaha what a weird face~
Don't let your guard down when toasting in celebration. Remember your limits and act accordingly	The commission team is back! Jamaica sorry but I'm going to borrow your bike for a sec! I need to greet– err talk to the eyewitnesses!
Open up! Detective-Carrier Essex is on the case!	Don't assume someone's literally irrelevant just because of how they really look So that's what it means!
I can feel the honour of being in the Royal Navy no matter where I am!	York is talking nonsense yet again
My skirt gets wet all the time Should I change into something a bit more suitable for battle?	!! T-this kind of please don't As a member of the royal family if someone saw us like this
Please make sure to fulfill your duties - in the name of the Crown!	Honours and rewards have been delivered.
Exeter has returned to port! I will prepare the after-action reports right away!	For the honour of the royal family I shall not be humiliated!
I swear upon the honour of the Crown that I Exeter shall fulfill my duties and my destiny!	I am the successor of a long line of royals and shall embrace my destiny with countless victories to come!
Curses I shall have my revenge!	For the glory of the royal family!
May honour protect us!	Please do not bring shame upon the royal family.
What's important is the present. If there is such a thing as fate in this world I believe we were destined to meet.	Even though I said I had become more mature there are things that can't be changed overnight
My clothes won't hang down into the water now but don't you think this is a bit too revealing?	Sorry for the wait. Well then let us head to the party. I on behalf of the Royal Navy would like to give you a warm welcome.
York took a look at the roses earlier and went off about them being Bloody Roses or something. Just more of the usual huh?	I'd really like for my sister to stay silent around the others so as to not sully the glory and dignity of the Royal family but
The parties Her Highness hosts are always fantastic. Everything about them is just so perfect!	I can't stop worrying about the off chance that I'll spill some wine on this dress
Eek! I almost got some wine on the dress!	Aah! Don't surprise me like that! I ended up spilling some wine on my dress
Jamaica? Ah yeah proper oddball that girl~ But it's all good as long as she's having fun innit?	What's up? You look knackered Fancy a nap in my lap maybe?
If you wanna know my three sizes can't you just ask? I mean if you do I'll tell you~ Hahaha~	What're you staring into space for? Is that your way of saying I want a hug?
Commission team's come back. Don't forget to go greet them! Or else you'll hurt their feelings.	Battle time! Eyes ahead everyone!
Just doing my part on the battlefield really!	I'm in the groove!
It's like back in Crete Sod that! I'm not letting that happen again!	All combat all makeup all the time that's me!
Oh yeah anyone in the fleet you fancy? Want me to assist you with them? Come on now don't get your knickers in a twist~ I can keep a secret~	Slow to catch on aren't you~ Right question! Could you believe there's a girl out there who's always talking about love with you isn't afraid to undress before your eyes and has grown quite fond of you?
Hey is my makeup looking decent? What about my outfit? Reckon I look as pretty as it gets? Good~ I've never dressed for this occasion before so I want to look as good as possible~	You want some chocolate from me? Naw that's so old-fashioned. Gotta get with the times. Let's spend Valentine's Day a bit more fashionably~
You like keeping up with trends yeah? Guess what – I managed to book us a table at a renowned chocolate store! During the peak season that is Valentine's Day no less! We're in for a treat you and I! Hehehe~	Sooo this year you're getting chocolate that's all the buzz online and your favourite chocolate from last Valentine's~ Nah nothing funky this time – I know what you like and I know this year's trends aren't your thing
Girls need to do a lot of preparation before going out you know? Hair makeup clothes you name it So if you want to see us at our cutest you've got to be patient~	Welcome back! Hmm how are we gonna celebrate your hard work? Ahaha what do you think about a candle-lit dinner?
I can move quickly so I probably won't get hit. Well even if I do I'll probably be fine.	Last time someone tried to impersonate me one of my little sisters told them to name EVERY Fletcher-class ship. That's when they gave up the act~
When I look at my little sisters it makes me wonder Maybe our parents were rabbits?	My little sisters would probably like doing this too. Huh? Your hand would get sore from it?
I wonder if all my sisters can get an equal share of the rewards	I'm back~ Wait huh? Did another one of my little sisters join the fleet while I was gone?
A commission has been completed! Let's see what's next Wow there's so many! Almost one for each of my little sisters	Now I can take better care of my sisters!
There's only a handful of enemies. Let's beat them with sheer numbers!	*Sob* You bullies My sisters will hurt you if they find out about this!
My sisters give me strength!	S-sorry I have to go check up on my little sisters
Whew I need to take care of my sisters so much that I don't really have time to think about anything else	Hm? You want to help me take care of my little sisters? There's a lot of them and I could use the help but Are you really REALLY sure? In that case Can I think about it for a bit first?
It's important to keep your guard up while doing work. To put it as a strategist would This is not peace. It is an armistice for a long while.	Maintaining a regular schedule is the key to efficiency so no pulling all-nighters okay?
How to get along with Algérie? Well for starters she'll open up to you naturally if you have a cat with you.	Is there something you're concerned about? Aha well if you don't mind opening up to me an extra head can't hurt.
Eek?! Jeez I didn't know you were into this kind of thing.	My hair's ruined now! Just kidding I'm not angry at all~
We've gotten a new shipment of supplies. Are you going to check on them yourself?	Feel free to make me even stronger~
Victory can only be attained with the will to conquer! Foch heading out!	How was that! The true power of the Foch class! Ahaha feel free to depend on me as much as you'd like~
Even with these enhancements I'm still not strong enough	You're not getting away! Main guns fire!
There's nothing to fear! I'm still here!	If you're truly planning on leading everyone to victory you'll need to put more heart into it instead of being this tepid.
The knife-thrower who never misses Foch! at least I wish I were that skilled.	Well of course I'm nervous but when I look at your face all of my worries just melt away~ Ahaha well I guess I'll reveal my true feelings to you Sure I'd love to
Did I keep you waiting? Oops sorry! That's no good of me showing up late on our special date. I know there's no excuse for that but here take this as an apology. Yup you guessed right it's Valentine's chocolate!	Algérie invited you to a cat café? Haha then let's go there after we're done with work.
I'll help you out so you don't need to work extra hours.	If someone wants to disturb the peace that we've built Well it's our job to stop them isn't it?
If you want me to pamper you just say the word~	I've gone and collected the mission rewards for you. This favor's on the house~
Do you need some help with the reports? Leave them to me and go take a break. I'll find you if I need anything from you.	Our supplies have arrived. Don't worry I've already checked up on them myself!
Yep~ Feel free to keep relying on me~	You're letting me plan out our date? What a mistake on my part I was hoping you would escort me to your heart's content
Of course I like to dress up in pretty clothes. Did you never see me as a lady? Hmph. Ahaha don't be down on yourself I was just toying with you	I had Algérie tell me what stores to go to so I'll lead the way! I guarantee that you'll have a good time as well!
I've got one for self-defense. Hehe sorry about that! Guess you won't have a chance to look cool in front of me.	Hmm What do you think about the scenery over here?
Aren't you in too much of a rush?	What are you planning on presenting me with as a reward?
Iron Blood or Royal Navy I don't care who it is I just want to learn more about them!	When will I become as strong and cool as the knights?
I don't want my life to end without having accomplished anything so this time I'll give it my all!	I didn't mean to draw my sword upon someone unarmed I am very sorry.
A letter? Wonder if someone's challenging you to a duel	Commission complete! Next time let me go as well. I swear I'll do better!
My odds of victory have improved!	All right! I'll surely be able to win in this condition!
I'm one step closer to becoming a knight!	I swear to take this defeat to heart!
How's this?	This fight's not decided yet!
If the knights found out that I had sworn fealty to a person like you I don't know if they'd blame me or pity me	There are all kinds of amazing people gathered here. There's just so much to learn Ahh I've gotta work even harder!
Why do I spend so much time training with the sword? Well it's true that I don't plan on using it during sorties but being able to keep myself sharp and in shape is surely an asset on the battlefield!	Looks like there are plenty of folks in the Sakura Empire who understand the way of the sword. I'd love to meet with them sometime.
I still fall short compared to the other knights but I'm in no rush. Slowly but surely I know I'll be able to catch up to them.	Hnn! Haah! Oh I started swinging my sword again without even realizing it
Hey there's nothing different about that place Are you doing this on purpose?!	In order to protect everything that we cherish!
At long last this wonderful day is here. It feels like I'm dreaming I'm so happy I just Forgive me I promised myself I wouldn't cry I Forbin the squire shall remain by your side for the rest of my life!	Just looking at all the flowers around the ceremony hall is filling my heart with bliss Ehehe~
I have a confession. Yesterday I was so nervous I started practicing my swordsmanship without realizing it Luckily my seniors stopped me right away	This bouquet symbolizes a knight's pride. Yes I've chosen to swear an oath of love and loyalty (*blushes*)
You'd like me to change the way I address you? W-well um It it's too embarrassing after all!	Welcome back. Jeez the next time something like this happens you'd better promise to take me with you alright?
The commission fleet has returned. Of course I shall accompany you to welcome them back.	With this newly-formed bond I shall continue to forge ahead!
We don't usually get such fresh apples and tomatoes so how about a mixed juice? It's good for your health!	No more fighting no more wars That's the peace that we're fighting to reclaim.
I know the other knights went out of their way to pick this dress for me but I'm not used to all the frills and whatnot	Eep! N-next time I won't hold back!
I hope I don't get these clothes dirty	Even though I'm an Iris Libre squire I'm currently working hard to have a rich student life. Um maybe this is a bit too laid back?
I joined the Kendo Club. I'm thinking it'll be good to hone my swordsmanship skills against my peers and build up my streng— Huh? What do you mean it's a different kind of sword!?	Study is much like swordsmanship you have to take it seriously if you want to improve.
Oh some water to help me clear my head? Thank you very much! I'm so sorry for making you see that!	Miss Algérie looks like she knows how to hold her liquor But everyone in the Vichya Dominion seems like that except Le Mars I guess
Ugh How could this happen to a knight	A letter Um what kind of letter was it
The commission team has returned. I'll go greet them now Huh I'm not allowed to go right now?	You'll have to try harder than that to stop an Iris knight!
?!  Ah I was just doing a bit of tidying up. Please come right in.	Formidable shall not disappoint.
Ladies of the Royal Navy have many virtues but mercy to enemies is not one of them!	What a magnificent victory! Let us press the advantage.
Why you miserab- Ahem! You are truly worthy adversaries but next time victory will be mine!	The curtain falls.
You are all to redouble your efforts!	I'm afraid I've contracted a disease that gives me a dreadful headache when you're nearby. Would you mind going someplace else?
Truthfully even though I'm a Lady of the Royal Navy I sometimes want to have a bit of fun too. A side of me that I can't normally show except to people close to me like Illustrious Doesn't that make you want to get closer with me?	That Ajax she saw straight through me right away And yet I think we get along rather well. I've learned a lot from her.
Ding dong ding dong  incoming message from Formidable: Commission complete. Repeat. Commission complete.	A Lady of the Royal Navy exudes elegance even when wearing her swimsuit. Huh? Y-you're not seeing it? Really that's weird
Don't you find the atmosphere rather dreary? What if we put on some rock Er something a little more stimulating?	Hmm that would be Hood. Even in a swimsuit she's the picture of nobility. Of course that's nothing I'm not incapable of
Yes this will do wonderfully! Thank you ladies. Phew Getting dressed is so dreadfully time-consuming Ahem! How silly of me. I must not whine in the presence of others.	Ahem. I see you are as punctual as ever. Thank you for attending the party.
What do you think of my outfit? I was only able to wear it with the help of Dido and the others	Sirius made a few errors at the beginning but thanks to Dido they were finally able to get me changed safely
I wonder what kind of dresses my sisters will wear Ahem. I have no doubt that they will be splendrous indeed.	You'd like a dance? Very well Formidable shall be your partner.
Would you please describe how gorgeous my dress is? Yes and kindly don't stop until I feel I've heard enough	Has my hair gotten entangled? How?! I'm always going to such lengths to prevent it! What if Sirius is trying to– Oh it's all right now? Th-thank you.
You'd like a dance? Certainly. Allow me to be your first and hopefully your favourite partner.	Fortune means 'wealth' in a way
I I'm causing trouble aren't I?	Uh mmm. *sobs*
T-there are still unfinished missions	Praise be to God for blessing us with such wealth! *gets on knees and prays*
A new mail Is it the will of God?	Umm Good work! &gt;&lt;
Fate is coming closer	Bear witness to the Wrath of GOD!
Victory is a blessing from God	Has God given up on me?
Uh umm you are all fated to be destroyed &gt;.&lt; !	Just as guided by fortune
Fortune is tearing us apart	I-I'm nervous Ugh
I finally have the courage to can say this The goddess of fortune has allowed us to meet each other	Can I really be of use with this Eeeeh?! N-No way! I can't get off the rails! Ugh Was that a joke?
Fortunemeans 'wealth' in a way. It would be great if I can enrich our fleet.	Oh God is such a trial truly necessary
The weather is so nice and sunny I'm sure whatever I do today will be a success. May everyone else have a good day today as well Awauh! Little manjuu are you okay? I can't believe I tripped	The weather is so nice and sunny I'm sure whatever I do today will be a success. May everyone else have a good day today as well Awauh! Little Manjuu are you okay? I can't believe I tripped
The manjuus came bearing some food. Please help yourself if you'd like	Am I just imagining things or can you see through this dress?
This garden is pretty big! Foxhound seems to be having a good time running around too.	Being able to come to a special place like this could be considered fortuitous in its own way
Ooh I think Echo would enjoy those sweets. I should ask the manjuus to set some aside for her!	Did you need something from me?
Eek! The drink went all over my dress! You can see through it now	Y-you made it back without a hitch This place is so big I feel like I'm going to get lost
Big sis said that I seem to be bigger than her What is she talking about?	Throw a bone at me and I'll bite you instead!
Mmm stop touching me Your hand is so hot	HEY! What are you thinking? Stop touching me like that!
There are still unfinished missions!	Remember to claim your rewards!
You've got new mail!	I think I think the girls have finished their commissions~!
Hmm *sniffs* My reconnaissance capabilities are improved!	Let me see your tricks!
Hehehe can the most cunning fox beat an old hound like me?	Whew! I'm glad we were quick to escape!
I'm not a fox but a doggy!	Is there chocolate on my face? Where? I can't Oh you wiped it off with your finger? Thanks! *lick* Wouldn't want to let it go to waste right? Hehehe~
Heehee~ I can smell the happiness coming off of you from just looking at my face knowing you'll get my chocolate! Wait I smell happiness coming off of me too! At this rate our odours will mix together and I won't be able to tell whose is whose!	It might be hard to quit my old habits in spite of my growth *Sniff sniff*
Today's Fu Shun is all fired up and ready to go!	If I give this to Tai Yuan I'm sure she will be very happy!
A ghost ship that emerges from the frozen waters of the Arctic at midnight? Certainly I've heard this rumor before.	Although Chang Chun is my younger sister she has taught me a lot!
Woah! Um I just happened to be uh scratching my back! Yeah I'm definitely not hiding anything!	Go forth and complete those quests!
Well then let's continue investigating the mysteries of the port~ Chang Chun you coming?	All the stuff that I wanted? I brought them back with me. Uhh this doesn't count as smuggling right?
My power level can keep going up!	Sis' it's not a drill this time!
Hehe~ this isn't even my final form!	Ugh Sis' where are you?
Let the flames of heaven dazzle all in our way!	Tsk Looks like I'll have to show them my final form!
My secret base lies right over yonder. Pretty huh? This is my most important secret! Eh? I just happened to tell you on a whim! I definitely wasn't planning anything.	I actually got permission to use the kitchen this year so I made chocolate! It took a whole day to finish it but I think it turned out to be worth the time! Make sure you really taste it okay? There's no mess either. Made sure I didn't leave a single trace!
Mysteries of the Port – Case of the Disappearing Baozi! How did rumors like that start circulating already?! Well done! I I'll explain things to everyone later!	Chang Chun shot me a glance just now It's fine; given her personality no chance she sells us out!
Wh-whooooa! If we fall off our cover's gonna get blown!	Shh! An Shan is coming this way If she finds out it's game over for us!
Looks like there was some all-purpose flour included in the rewards Are the girls planning to make baozi skins from scratch?	Nobody will care if we make a ruckus beating up on the enemy right?
Wow! You scared me to death!	Hey~ The Commission fleet is back stop sleeping!
Wow?! Excellent condition!	Good weather even better mood~ Let's go!
Uh-huh I'm good right~	Hmph taste the power of the Special type Destroyers!
Looks like this isn't the time to joke around	What's in my hands? I think it's called “Gohei” or something like that. It looks so pretty when swung back and forth so I thought to grab it with me~
Not sure how my sisters are faring Although since they are my sisters I'm sure they're prospering wherever they are!	I was implying something before? Regardless no matter what type of girls you like as long as you will like me in the future then that'll be just fine~ Hehehe.
Don't tell her I said this but Miyuki tried suuuper hard to make chocolate for you! If you see bandages on her fingers just ignore them! Oh you noticed I have bandages too? Weeell I kinda overdid it this year too Ignore these too!	Oh no! I-I'm gonna be late for school! Y-you need to speed up too doggy! *Pant* *pant* Why'd none of my sisters wake me up before they left?!
I didn't oversleep! I was just doing stuff I like and ended up losing track of time	The Fencing Club the Reading Society the Economics Association the UFO Research Organization Dang it I wanna join them all!
Belfast's going to hang out with Edinburgh after school Maaan I wish my sisters would come see me too	Let's finish this so I can make it to school!
Fight or run away to fight another day!	C-come on in! We've got special offers for you!  W-wait is this really what a sexy mascot would wear? It feels pretty different from what I was expecting And boy is it stuffy in this thing
I-I feel my consciousness flapping away	I did promise Akashi I'd be the mascot but it kind of feels like she tricked me
What? The forecast warned about high temperatures?  That's no biggie I've already gotten used to it being really hot	N-nicely done!
It's so hot Let's mop up the enemies quickly so we can go home	Heheh! Wearing this costume doesn't impact my performance at aaaall!
Didn't think an instrument could be so fun! I have to teach others about the joy of music!	Maybe my tuba is useful in battle after all?
Okay let's play a victory march to celebrate H-hey! Wait for meeee!	The whole world's going to feel the tremors from my debut! I'm Fubuki the Special-type idol!
If my sisters saw me working hard would they say something like Fubuki's such a hard-working role model? Ehe ehehe Ah I'm so so sorry I just spaced out for a bit!	Sigh When will I be able to handle this job as easily as Miss Belfast does?
You want to chat with me? Sure as soon as I get finished with all this stuff Ughh	Did someone call for me? Excuse me I'll be right there! Oh hey it's Akatsuki and the others!
Eep?! It's hard to keep my balance so stop with that already!	This Oxy-cola goes to this table and uhh a few more minutes on this pizza and umm Ahhh! This would be so much easier with a clone of me here!
D-Did I mess up again?	Mutsuki is always munching on candy every day won't she get cavities?
Uzuki lost something again so I'd like to help her find it Huh? It's already been found?	If If you need my help with anything I'll give it my best shot
Huh? Are you going to help me brush my hair?	Huh? Is this a symbol of friendship?
Huh? Didn't you guys leave just a minute ago?	I feel about the same-ish
Huh? We're about to start our attack?	Huh? Already over?
Huh? Already retreating?	Huh? It's my turn?
Huh? Am I in a pickle?	Recently my sisters have started whispering things when they see us together Huh? They're saying I must have a rough time working so hard? But I'm pretty relaxed
Huh? Why haven't you touched my choccy yet? Do you have a tummyache? Hmm I can call Nagatsuki and get her to– Oh your tummy got better? So you'll eat it now? Yaaay!	Huh? Where am I? What time is it?
Minazuki keep it down	Lemme sleep a bit longer Zzzzz
If I bring a pillow with me I'll be able to sleep on the go Huh? I can't?	Ughh can't fall asleep
I'm a bit bored	Um because I'm not very smart maybe Kako should take my place at meetings instead
Ouch! Ahh I'm fine I just nodded off and bumped my head.	What's up?
A new mission huh? Seems like it might be a bit tricky.	I bumped into something while getting the rewards Oww
I have to do well in this battle!	Eh? I'm the MVP?
We lost Too bad	All right here I come!
Kako acts like that because she holds herself as the role model for heavy cruisers but she's actually very gentle.	I've never felt like this in my life before But as long as I'm with you I'll be able to feel this way more and more right? I can't wait!
If Kako didn't help me with my chocolates they wouldn't turn out fine but now that she has they're not chocolates from me alone Mmm I guess you can think of them as chocolates from both of us.	Well you said you wanted my handmade chocolate even if it isn't perfect so here. And please don't be too critical of it all right? Although if you have GOOD things to say lay them on me.
Ouch! Ah I just bumped my head again	My hair feels a bit messy maybe Kako can teach me how to tie it up.
Since you like me so much I suppose it's okay~	It sure is nice weather isn't it? I feel like taking a nap. Oh? The girls are back from commission~!
I'm much stronger than before!	Welcome back Milord. Would you like to have your fortune told?
Milord shall we have tea together?	I believe that we can change our misfortunes as long as we work hard and pray
I'll be happy as long as Yamashiro has a chance to grow up.	My main gun specializes in heavy firepower but is enough to shake my entire body! It can cause me some trouble every now and then
Milord please rest your head here and allow me to clean your ears.	M-milord this is improper
Milord a new mission is available. Please take a look.	Milord not claiming your rewards is a bad habit.
You have a new letter milord. Please give it a look.	You've worked hard Milord. Why don't you come to me and take a rest?
Milord your girls have returned from commission. Shall we welcome them back together?	Now I can be of greater service to Milord.
Milord those who stand in your way shall find no mercy by my hand.	May thy lost souls return home in peace.
Oh no has my ammunition storage been cursed again?	Grant them peace and purity!
Gods please protect us!	Milord might you be the reincarnation of a god of calamity?
Milord are you interested in the eight million gods of the Sakura Empire? It is fine if you aren't I shall offer them your share of prayers.	Milord you seem exhausted as of late. Too much work is bad for your health. Please come with me and allow me to purify you of your fatigue.
Kagura? That is a dance dedicated to the gods Ah why don't I perform just for you milord? I would be embarrassed if others found out so please keep it a secret between us all right?	Milord did you know that although a miko of the Sakura Empire must dedicate herself to the gods she is not actually forbidden from romance? As a matter of fact she is encouraged to find a husband in order to pass down traditions. Milord what do you think about me?
May our love last as long as the Great Pines in Takasago and the eternal Tsubaki. May we bring glory to our family our name heard across the land. These words are said with my highest respect. With this Milord you and I become one. Though I may be inexperienced let us care for and love each other for the rest of eternity.	I wish you a blessed Valentine's Day milord. It may just be a little thing I bought from the procurement department but I think this will please milord better will you accept this chocolate?
Are you fine with getting not chocolate but a Sakura Empire treat I made? Wonderful. Please wait here while I go get it then. In return you want chocolate later during the Star Festival? Ahaha as you wish.	Yamashiro and I made a lot of chocolate but to be honest I'm somewhat worried Oh this isn't chocolate? And it can be stored for a long time? And this one too? Hmm I don't understand western confections after all
This year I finally got around to researching chocolate. It seems they're even putting it in some of the Sakura Empire's treats these days So I decided to make chocolate yokan for you. Milord let's both venture to try new things this year.	Milord! Thank you~ Not just for the retrofit but for many many things. Hehe it was the greatest of fortune for me and Yamashiro to meet you.
Milord welcome back~ The profits show that today good things will happen~	I actually got a lot of things that I want to try such as be as lively as Yamashiro hmm is that too much?
Becoming more lively? Hehe that must be merrited by Milord.	I feel that bad luck still exists but being together with you Milord has washed away all my bad luck.
Yamashiro always tells me to look for my own happiness and I think I've finally found it~	Milord do you like the dignified Fusou or the livelier Fusou?
Milord can I also join you on this new mission?	Milord please wait I've made really delicious treats meant especially for you.
Oh no we can't blame all failures on our curse.	Being able to wait for my beloved in this homely attire Milord my life has changed so much since meeting you. *giggles*
Being able to wait for my beloved in this homely attire Milord my life has changed so much since meeting you. *giggle*	Milord I just made some snacks. Would you like to try some?
Milord I feel my bad luck melting away when I am with you Thank you very much.	Ah oh no look at the time Milord time passes so quickly when I'm with you. I forgot that I was supposed to take Yamashiro shopping
Milord do you know how to play Hanafuda cards? Ah was it Souryuu who taught you how to play? Um in that case shall we play together?	Milord the freshly washed blankets sure smell nice. Surely they'll also be very comfortable to sleep on.
You'd like to take me out? Are you sure? Um in that case there are a lot of places I'd like to go with you. Ehehe~	M-Milord
Milord I believe it's time to complete your missions. I shall accompany you.	Milord I have brought the mail.
Milord the last battle must have been very strenuous yes? In that case please come lie down and rest for a while.	Milord I treasure the time I spend with you above all else.
Milord have you grown tired of me?	Dating is such an incredible word. Milord even though I've become accustomed to living with you my heart skips a beat every time I hear that word
Milord I have a small request but please promise not to laugh. I've always been jealous of the way Akashi jumps into your arms like a spoiled child but it's a bit embarrassing to ask so um	Milord being able to spend every day with you like this makes it almost feel like we're a married couple Ah um please forget I said anything!
I'm going to do this and that again today. Please take care of it~	Geez~ If you keep on looking at me like that I'll be reporting you to the authorities~
Hmm? Did you not hear that? There's no helping it. Lie down over here and let me check your ear	Yes let's see what today's missions are about~
Mail time~ I wonder what reward I'll get for bringing it to you~?	Aaaah cease your attacks! I'm on your side!
This too is fate~	Such disobedient kids~~ They must be punished~
You cannot escape from me! Be good and accept~ your~ punishment~	Hmph! I curse you to be destroyed by my allies!
This has nothing to do with my fate~	With this the bond of fate has been formed~ There's still a long way ahead of us so let's take care of each other darling~
My horoscope said that if I give you chocolate today our bond will grow deeper  Don't think you can escape my destiny~	You must be beat after walking for so long! Here have some hot chocolate! How'd I know? Because my horoscope said we'd meet right here right now and that a cup of hot chocolate would do you wonders! Clearly it was right
My horoscope said that you'll find happiness if you spend the day with me. And if we call it a date I will find happiness as well So if you want to make us both happy take me on a Valentine's date	Comrade what sort of strong enemy will we face today? I Gangut shall stand with you!
Know this comrade. Even if I am battered and bruised muddied by defeat I will rise each time to reclaim the glory of mankind! Yes that is the революция I desire the only heaven that exists for me!	Comrade how about a few drinks? What? Don't tell me you can't even handle a swig of vodka!
O comrade aren't those stories about the exploits of sailors absolutely riveting? You see that is the very spirit of revolution humanity in all its glory!	An easy victory? What a stupid thing to say comrade! How are you supposed to draw out your full power if you have nothing worthwhile to fight? Send me to a more dangerous battle next time!
What about my rigging? Isn't fully utilizing everything at your disposal a wonderful and pragmatic ideal? Why would I consign myself to weakness for the sake of showmanship?	What are you doing comrade? Are you not aware of how we handle lawbreakers in the Northern Parliament?
Missions exist for the sake of preserving the order. We should complete them as soon as possible.	Excellently done! This reward will help pave the next step of our revolution!
You have a letter comrade. It would be best to open it soon.	O comrade do you return bearing news of glorious victory? Ah but it matters not for the thing that matters most is that you fought with all your strength!
Hopefully our comrades will return bearing good news unlike that bitter Ice Cruise. Come on let's go welcome them back.	Comrades! You are also strong! Let our souls shine out brilliantly!
Show me your mettle!!	Rejoice for we have earned this privilege! May this celebration become the bread that sustains us until our next victory!
Comrade consider this not a defeat but rather a warning. A sign that we are losing sight of our revolutionary spirit.	The revolution blesses you!
Ahahahaha! At last this is a battlefield that I am meant for!	There is no future for those who mistake recklessness with courage comrade.
I am Battleship Gangut also known as Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya. However my name is less important the what I've achieved. Don't dwell too much on it and just call me what you want.	I hope you don't take this the wrong way comrade but this fight is not just for all of us. It's also yours. Never settle with the status quo and always seek to keep improving.
Ahahahaha! Well done comrade! No matter how strong the enemies we may face we now join each other courageously prepared to give everything in pursuit of greater challenges! What could be more revolutionary than that?	Let's get to the point! Comrade I was struck by your brilliance and thus I fell for you! And now I face the challenge of how to express my feelings for you! Here comrade accept my embrace!
A pledge huh? While this act is symbolic in nature it is also undeniable proof of the bonds we've formed. A toast comrade. Please continue to guide me in the future.	Hm Seems like it's Valentine's Day! Well Comrade it's that time of year again when desire and righteousness intertwine into a festival of chaos! Now it's time to face yourself and grow! Keep at it until you can devour every ship in the Port!
Haha! Comrade you kept me waiting for too long! Valentine's is a revolutionary day for all in the port. What better way to celebrate than to get plastered with your comrades? Let's drink my beloved vodka with a side of chocolate until the sun rises again!	Comrade~ have a bit more to drink~ That Marat can't keep up with me~ C'mon keep me company until dawn.
No strong enemies around? I feel your frustration comrade Well then come at me. Let's make life worth living!	I see I see so you want to fully grasp the extent of my rigging. Very well! I have no objections for your courage is commendable as well!
You are forgiven comrade! Such courage deserves to be rewarded! Come put your hands all over me until you've had your fill!	You have my thanks for this exercise comrade! I shall gladly carry out the important duty of judge jury and rehabilitator!
Comrade it is too soon to confess to your sins! Struggle for your freedom and resist until you are about to break! That is the true path to growth!	This outfit resembles something that you'd wear in the Eagle Union or Iron Blood right? If I chose something more imposing I'd scare off the kids!
This is Gangut Everything's fine over here so stay on patrol.	Care for a drink comrade? Come on it's good stuff. I just happen to have a little bit of free time.
Are you curious about this medal? You can make as many replicas as you'd like!	Having trouble with your missions? If you need to conduct an investigation I'll help you out.
Bwahaah! I've had all kinds of liquor but nothing beats the stuff back home! Comrade let's have a toast to the coming off-duty days!	I take it you've come to share a drink with me comrade? Ahahaha! What a coincidence I just received this bottle of vodka from Avrora. Two shots coming right up!
Have you read the article in this magazine comrade? It's a great piece on how the working class is the reason for our ever-improving quality of life.	Comrade you must always be ready to fight even in times of peace. If you get complacent with the status quo then who else will stand up in the event of a crisis?
The Sakura Empire is home to a few drinkers too I've learned. Ise and Hyuuga I think their names were? I'll invite them over the next time I'm enjoying some liquor!	Ugh! I've had enough of this! Get up comrade! We'll round up some more comrades and go for some target practice!
Drink comrade! Have another shot! You'll have to do much better than that to get me plastered!	You're drunk out of your mind aren't you comrade? No worries you may use the couch! Go on lie down!
My room is a total mess you say? I suppose it is yes. If I am to clean it the question becomes where do I start? The bottles? The magazines?	Oh perfect timing. I just finished warming up. Time to exercise? Or sortie?
It's a good idea to look over your weapons and keep it all working. You want to help?	I have a dream. A dream where the seas are free of the stink of gunpowder and all the people of the world live in peace.
If I had the chance I'd love to travel all around the world. The Sakura Empire the Dragon Empery the Royal Navy Hmm some kind of world tour sounds nice doesn't it?	GEORGIA BEEAAAAM!  Just playing around! Hahaha!
A mission? If it's a combat mission we're good to go. Hahaha!	Yo. Good work out there. Nothing like an ice cold Cola after work huh?
Commission team's back. Hey how about we serve them up some Oxy-cola? An officer has to reward her subordinates for a job well done you know.	You'll see how strong I am next time I fight.
Who am I up against this time? I hope they're up to the task!	No matter how thick the armor these guns can pierce it!
All we can do is fall back?	The sound of these massive guns is your funeral march!
Ack you scratched my armor?! You'll pay for that!	You are unworthy of my power
Sorties and battles really get my blood pumping but every once in a while it's nice to relax.	Why don't we go on a trip together next time? I think we'd have a lot of fun together.
So we head out from the Eagle Union Drop in on the Royal Navy and Iris then head over to the Dragon Empery Oh! I was just planning our world tour. Don't tell me you can't go?	Here some chocolates as a souvenir. While I wouldn't say these are luxurious it's good to try such foreign delicacies from time to time. Ah by the way these taste better when you eat them with some cola.
Oh you look like you have no idea what this is. Hahaha that's no surprise. After all this is specially-made Oxycola Chocolate. Is this Oxycola or is this chocolate? There's no way to tell without tasting it!	My dress? Oh Seattle helped me with it. We all know I couldn't get it looking like this myself
Seattle picked out this lace coverup for me. She's good with this kind of thing	What do you think of my sunglasses? I dig them personally. Hahaha!
We've still got some summer left so why not try to plan a Beach World Tour for us?	Ooh nice work on that sortie. Did you want an ice cream? I still have some here.
And just where are you escorting me today? I'm dying to find out.	The Sakura Empire's tea is good stuff! But I still feel like I want an Oxy-cola sometimes Huh? It wouldn't look right? I can't help it if I want one.
So this Momotarou pops out of a peach! What an amazing little guy!	Seattle I got an invite to this party or something. Any idea for a talent show? It has to be something better than the Georgia Beam!
Ready to be a proper escort?	Hey now you're going to mess up my outfit.
You're right on time Naturally. I'll admit your timeliness is the one thing I could learn from.	If you plan on toying around with me don't blame me when you get burned.
You can honestly skip missions you'd rather not take on.	On the topic of completing missions does it even affect the war situation?
There's a letter for you. Assuming it's no private matter you don't mind if I open it do you?	Triumphant once again yes? It's written all over your face.
I've yet to hit my own limits!	Am I out of my depth?!
All shall bow before my might!	You won't break my spirit so easily!
Cavour always stresses the importance of courtesy and diplomatic discourse but I believe in simply speaking one's mind. Doesn't it sound dreadful to obsess over some idea of formality?	A little bit of harsh discipline is the right medicine for slouches who can't obey orders. It's not that simple? Well I thought I was making a good suggestion
A little bird told me you're free and I've got two tickets to the opera so what do you say? I'd say you're due for something you haven't experienced before.	The romantic vacation I booked was all for nothing With who? With you shouldn't that be obvious?!  Just ask me next time? But I booked it just for you in the first place F-fine I will
Have faith in your decisions. You are just.	Valentine's traditions aside I can give you some chocolate-themed health and dietary advice. For example you can make a nutritious sports smoothie using chocolate and other ingredients. You should try some when I'm done.
Save me your thoughts about how good I look in an apron – I'm only concerned with your opinion on the taste! Tell it to me straight: do you like my Valentine's chocolate? If you say no it understandably would hurt my feelings	Cavour was saying this silly thing about giving more chocolate as your love grows. Don't you find that odd?! I mean I only have more chocolate for you this year because I happened to cook twice as much! Whether my love has grown or not isn't of any consequence right now!
The treadmill is free right now. Do use it if you plan to work out.	Want me to make a training plan for you?  Cesare's training methods send nutrients to your muscles and away from the brain? Did Cavour really say that?!
Inaction saps the vigor of the mind Who said that again?	Jogging courses fat-burning courses rolling hills courses Is it really this complicated? I'll just start with whichever seems the toughest.
If you feel stressed out just let it all out on that sandbag over there. I can attest that it does wonders for the mood.	What was that for?! Don't ignore me answer!
Here take this! Don't forget to rehydrate.	Tired already? For goodness' sake I thought you'd be more reliable than this. Don't go burning all your energy at once we still have a whole day of recreation ahead of us.
Warspite's taking part in the beach volleyball tournament? You should've told me so sooner!	Trento and Pola are out for you so you came here to lie low didn't you? No?
I do like this bikini though it doesn't quite match up to Veneto's.	Surely you know what consequences await you for doing that.
Want some ice with your Sardegnian liqueur? It's best downed in one gulp when it's this cold.	Are you charmed by my prowess in battle or just me? Haha~
What are you standing there all stiff for? Make yourself comfortable. I'm not gonna punish you for it. You're not the type who fusses over a noble's manners are you?	If what you're doing isn't hugely important just wing it. If you mess up someone will come and fix it.
Obbedisco! Just tell me what you need.	Well I'll be damned.
We've got new missions. Time to do what you signed up for.	Mission complete Which is to say you've performed your duty as a dignitary.
A letter? Open and see what it says.	Oh you're back. Go ahead and take a seat. What for? The after-action review obviously. Were you expecting something else?
Hey you completed a commission. You should remember that even if I forgot.	Pretty good. Nothing to complain about and much to love. Like my new firepower.
Let's get this done in a flash.	I've won. My name is light cruiser Giuseppe Garibaldi. Easy to remember right?
Hmph so you got us good this time. I'll be back.	Here's what I can REALLY do!
Knock it off!	I'll follow your orders no problem but please don't demand more of me than that. It's just easier for us both that way. Besides you don't like being a slave to formality like Abruzzi do you?
Leading and protecting your friends is what's important not petty etiquette or manners. I've known that since day one. Heck I'm protecting you right now Well in my own way.	Can't you take it easy at least for today? You have all these supportive girls by your side – rely on them for once. Think of it like this: I'll never be able to fulfill my duty as a dignitary of protecting you if you're always working around the clock.
I'm guessing you want me to look after you forever and ever? You got it. Simply always being there for you is a total breeze when you're Abruzzi's sister.	You know the drill – we must again strive to spread Sardegna's glory. Heehee.
Not trying to throw any shade here but can you really handle standing up for so long? Stop fretting over appearances and have a seat. Alternatively go ahead and punish me for being too lax. Just kidding	How about a Sardegnian signature drink on your afternoon break? It'll reinvigorate you I promise. Heehee.
Look you can honestly just wing it if the task's not important. Didn't I tell you someone will fix any errors you make? Mainly me your secretary.	Your bidding is my command and whatnot.
No way you actually just touched me	Have a seat. I'll go get you a quick meal so take the chance to get comfy before it's time for the review.
Commission complete. Do you actually remember when you sent them out?	You're all under my protection!
It took getting through a storm to finally clock in eh?	Both the white and black swan are meant to be played by the same person right? Doesn't that make Roma and me rivals?
Da Vinci's the kind of girl who really gets into her role unlike me. Good for her if she enjoys it. Me I just can't do it.	Is Abruzzi watching me? Aw crap then I'll have to do hardcore practice or she'll chew me out. She should play a role herself if it's so damn important
Will you swear your love to me? Heehee~	It's no big deal but something feels off about this
You've got new missions. Wonder if one of them is like make a lovers' pact and you'll be rewarded or something?	A dignitary never goes back on their promise. Mission complete.
Watching me dance ballet is fine and all but I think it's time you do your after-action review. People are waiting you know.	Welcome back Master. I've prepared tea.
Never thought the story would turn out like this! Cannot wait for next week's issue Huh?! M-Master! Ahem! How may I help you?	Newcastle ye ask? She's like a big sister and that's all I have to say to you nothing else!
Sheffy's got a sharp tongue but really she's a sweet lassie.	You wouldn't happen to like manga or? N-never mind. Forget I asked.
You have something for me?	Ah?! I-I must be going!
A new mission is here. Please check it soon.	The rewards are here. I'll put 'em away for ye.
Looks like we got new mail. I'll grab it.	That'll do. Take a rest now.
The commission fleet has returned. Please remember to welcome them back.	Aye. I shall redouble my efforts.
Flagship is it? I I can do this!	Phew That'd be enough for ye now eh?
Have to think on that one Don't wanna lose again.	Be composed and be graceful!
thathat's it?	Would you please be so kind as to maintain a distance of at least three metres from my person so that I may properly carry out my duties as a maid Master?
You should rest if you're feeling tired Th-think about those of us working for you.	Master I've brought you a change of fresh white linens You'd prefer green like the color of my eyes? I I see
You'd like to see me in my casual attire? D-didn't you say I'd look cute in anything? I'll leave it to your imagination then~	I made your bed warmed your sheets and ye ended up working all night anyway Oh no I'm not mad in the slightest. Hard work is to be praised after all~
And so I thank God for bestowing upon me the gift of our meeting And we're done eh? Time to go home? Huh? S-seal the vow with a k-kiss?! B-but I!	Master do you know what day it is today? Erm do ye now Well I made ye some chocolate here! Take it already would ye?
Morning to ye Master. Before we get to it today I was thinki– I mean hoping you would like some Valentine's chocolate I-if it's such a pain I could feed ye I suppose.	Are ye really going to spend the day at the academy and not your office? Nah I'm not complaining or nothing of course not. I was just thinking that since it's Valentine's Day and there's nothing on your schedule today ye might be On second thought never mind! (What am I to do now? I left my chocolate on the desk!)
Your stomach can't fit anymore? Can't fault ye. When you're loved by everyone of course ye get lots of chocolates Sh-share it? Master are ye suggesting– Omph?! Goodness gracious	Y-ye said ye wanted ta see me wear something different so But this is not cosplay or somesuch! I do actually go to school! D-do ye like it?
Good to see you back. I've only just got home from school meself. Oh erm the tea just a moment.	Enterprise? I know her. We fought together at the Bay of Biscay eh? Huh? There's another Enterprise? I-I knew that!
What's for lunch? How's this lunchbox here sound to ye? Just a little something I made meself	That Z23 from the Iron Blood's got a talent for teaching. Teacher or no. Not that I need the help.
Borrowed this one from Ranger. Gotta finish it soon. It's the sequel to a story I've been waiting for.	Ye want ta watch me doing my club work? Um well ye could say I'm in the Go Home Club
!	Commission team's back. I'll go get 'em.
Today is a good day. Good weather puts you in a good mood to get work done!	Expect great things for me for I am Glorious! Of of course! I'll be your glory forever!
Ardent and Acasta did the best they could but I	I'll be more prudent in the future. Only then can I avoid meeting disaster again!
Any guidance?	Rest up and then finish your missions in one go!
I'll put the tea here Mail? Ah yes! There's new mail for you!	Thank you but power alone is not enough to win
Search and destroy!	A glorious triumph!
Next time I'll scout out the enemy before we attack!	May victory and glory be ours hopefully!
Sm- smokescreen!	You can't be too careful in war That being said
Ark Royal said that this day is one that both children and adults alike can enjoy. In other words it is a day where you can gather the little destroyers and make merry together right? It doesn't sound quite right to me but I would not mind being invited to the gathering as well. Oh th-that's fine with you?	When I put on this uniform my mood seems to lighten up compared to usual
Are you talking about Ark Royal? Do you not think that it is appropriate for us adults to monitor the growth of our Destroyer sisters even off the battlefield?	I bought this outfit because I thought it looked gorgeous but then this happened Wh-what do you mean I can just leave it like this?
The scent of plums wafting upon the evening breeze is so calming Oh no I still have to finish my secretary duties!	You don't want me catching a cold is it? I appreciate your concern.
B-but the glory of the Royal Navy (blushes)	The hot water is over here Oh the mail! Um I'm so sorry I could've sworn the mail was right there
I must gain a better grasp of the situation on the battlefield.	Punctuality is not a virtue it is rather a duty. Master do bear that in mind.
If you have the time to gape at working maids you have the time to do your own work. Master.	More trouble from the Royal Maids today Belfast do look after this troop of clumsy louts.
That Fiji is always buying cosmetics clothes and the like You must not learn from her Master. Life is to be lived in moderation.	A maid has a maid's work the master has the master's. The maids serve the master while the master serves everyone. This is the way of the world.
Do you need something of me? As your maid Master I will do what I can to satisfy your requests above and beyond our typical responsibilities.	Take a seat over there. I am going to educate you on the proper way to treat a lady.
You have as yet uncompleted tasks I will continue to remind you until all of your missions have been completed.	You have uncollected mission rewards. If you would rather I collect them for you simply direct me to do so.
Do check your mail If you would prefer I not remind you you need only check it sooner.	Welcome home Master. Have some tea. Now then I must ask you were fully committed to your duties during the sortie yes?
You should check on the commission team Master. Do consider how it may affect their assessment of you.	Excellent choice. Now if you could also strengthen some of the other girls as well I'd be delighted.
Please check your remaining ammunition stocks.	This is but a trifling victory. Master should you be satisfied with such triviality I would find that rather troubling.
I beg your pardon Master. I have failed you.	All for our master.
This is not going according to plan!	I do not speak to things.
Everyone makes mistakes. But I will use my experience to reduce the opportunities my master has to make such mistakes. Do be aware.	Master you must keep a healthy balanced diet. If you find it troublesome I can cook your meals for you. Such is a maid's duty after all.
Master you must be mindful of your comportment around women particularly the way you touch and handle them If you find this challenging I am willing to practice with you. Ahem now then	Master we must improve your daily habits if we are to raise your work efficiency If you would like Master I could take care of- Rather I would be happy to stay with you.
Master you need not resort to such methods to keep me by your side But if this is indeed your wish I Gloucester am happy to oblige!	Preparing and delivering chocolate to Master is the role of a Maid as receiving chocolates is the role of a Master. I made sure to package and prepare as many chocolates as I could so I wouldn't fail to deliver some to you. Please confirm your receipt Master.
Master if I may I'd like to lecture you on the etiquette for receiving chocolates. Not only is handling the chocolate carelessly rude it will only serve to hurt the feelings of the one giving the chocolate. Allow me to be your first practice partner.	It is entirely for you to decide the time and place I'll give you my chocolate Master. Not only that – today I will follow your every last order without fault I-I must say I'm a little excited about that
Master you are already the paragon of excellence for which I am extremely proud. But worry not Master in order to ensure that you are not at risk of making any mistakes please allow me to handle *all* your affairs.	Gloucester light cruiser of the Royal Maids at your service for the Spring Festival You say I look displeased? I beg your pardon it's just Such holidays are in fact quite busy for the Maids. We have much on our minds. It is none of your concern.
Master how is your work coming along? Let's avoid having you at the office for the holiday.	The floor is filthy again? Oh those girls I told them a thousand times to wipe their dirty shoes before coming inside
Master you should find a bit of time to spend with the girls. Don't forget those packets of New Year money.	The Royal Maids are preparing tonight's banquet. As long as Belfast is there I don't think they will have any issues Actually I think I will go take a look after all
Master it's impolite to stare at a lady maid or otherwise.	We'll have to shackle the master until the end of the festival I'm afraid
The port is all done up for the festival. But I get a headache when I think about having to put it back as it was	My duty is to support my big sister who is always charging too far ahead. Admittedly it gets a little irritating at times.
You mustn't put off until tomorrow what you can do today. Please take that to heart.	One forgets the cruelty of war after being at peace for too long. The opposite is true as well isn't it?
Looking back at it it's unbelievable that I would mistake that prideful princess as an old-fashioned knight.	Isn't it amazing how different people can come to different conclusions about the same topic?
A mission? Let me do some planning for you	Rewards distributed. Please accept them when you have a moment.
Welcome back. Please take it easy for a while.	A commission has been completed! Care to inspect the results?
It's fine as long as you haven't let power cloud your judgement	Truth only exists within the guns' range.
Sorry this is war. There's no room for mercy.	I let my guard down
Now you're in range!	All ships remember to stay alert!
Is it urgent? I prefer simple and effective forms of communication.	The present flies by like an arrow but the future always arrives too late. I hope that one day I will be able to see the future that you and I create.
A promise huh? Long ago I would have despised the notion of being tied down to emotions but it doesn't seem so bad now.	I've finished my chocolate sampling and studied all the available data on your emotions – and mine of course – in preparation for today. If there's one element missing it would have to be You think I've done enough? I beg to differ! I've not achieved perfection yet.
At first I was too embarrassed to wear something like this but I went along with it and after wearing it for a while I must say I'm starting to see things in a different light	If only my sister were here Now if we had some sort of pumpkin-smashing gunnery competition that would have gotten her attention.
This holiday certainly is well suited to us Ugly Sisters isn't it?	My tail? Oh it just came with the costume Still I'd prefer if you didn't touch it.
While I haven't prepared any candy I do have a treat for you to enjoy. Would you like to try? I'm afraid there may be some pain involved Hehehe	You say you see ghosts and goblins all around me?  I think you need a break. Getting into the Halloween spirit is all well and good but you can't overdo it.
The black goat's horn has already sounded. Quell your anxiety and wait at ease.	If gods truly exist in this world let us begin our slaughter with them.
I prefer the high ground because I can see everything everything that shall be destroyed	Easy come easy go Aren't things like that better off not existing in the first place?
Life is akin to playing cards with a stacked deck. Doesn't it make you want to smash the entire table?	I despise everything.
Quite brave aren't you? As expected of the one I chose.	Is the person who gave you this mission really who you want to fight for?
Rewards take them away.	Treasure the time you have to speak with your loved ones for that time is about to draw to an end.
All your fights all your struggles are nothing more than fodder for the End.	Ah so they have returned Just seeing those faces filled with joy
Ah if only strength alone was enough to determine everything.	Let us begin our symphony of destruction.
My enemies belong in their graves.	Next time I shall grant you despair even worse than death.
Die Funebre!	The smell of steel and blood
You again?	Ahh so sweet. Sweet things cannot last for long. The only thing that endures forever is ice-cold hatred.
Does prayer really work? Will God ever respond? Nein. Gods are called as such because they are merciless.	I have never been one to believe in fate but if meeting you was also predestined Hmm How ironic. For the gods to have given me the worst past but also the best future what purpose does my hatred then serve?
As long as you are here the world does not feel so insipid and detestable. Rest easy; even if the world was to become your enemy I would happily fight by your side. As a matter of fact I eagerly await this day.	Oh? Have you finally decided to make the entire world your enemy? What? You just want to be with me? Hmph very well. Eradicating everything that stands in our way doesn't sound bad either.
Though this custom of expressing your feelings with gifts is utterly insipid I suppose there is some entertainment to be derived. I prepared a unique gift for you so do enjoy it.	What you seek to do is neither destruction nor stagnations but the creation of a peaceful future. As a part of your plans I have no reason to deny you succor. Allow me to bear the weight of your responsibilities so that you may indulge yourself in the sweet illusion of happiness.
I absolutely despise Valentine's Day. Yes the brutal chaos hidden in the false pretense of peace and the forcible ways people push one's own agenda upon others. In much the same way I was also taken up by the atmosphere and was caught up in the making of a gift for you. .I'm very moved by your capability in being able to consider these clownish antics lovable.	Mock me if you must. For all my talk of loathing this world I came to embrace this peace to relish it. As I am now a heart fulfilled I can see that you may well be my opposite. Because you love this world so much that is why you seek to change it. Regardless all that matters now is that I spend each moment of my life with you.
In honor of this peace we enjoy I must pay respect to the future you're trying to create. This means I cannot simply loathe everything – rather I must make steps towards creation. However the path towards it proved far more precipitous than I imagined What I mean to say is well making chocolate is a difficult task.	So the Second Movement is a Lento of the summer and the sea? So be it Since we will arrive at the Finale eventually I suppose I can enjoy this moment of fleeting peace with you.
Didn't we agree to go to the beach? Where were you?	Now that I think about it other than forcing me to wear this skimpy bit of fabric what else is this summer season even for?
Is there a nice vantage point on the beach to sit at? There isn't? Oh well	I only wore this clothing because you told me to. If you didn't come to the beach with me I'd be rather upset.
Is it time to depart? Wait a moment these shoes are a bit hard to put on Come help me out for a second	You've got lots of work to do. Like that huge stack of papers on your desk.
What are you ogling me for? Are you some sort of creep?	One whack with this thing dispatches any and all bugs and creeps. Mm that's all.
Slacking on the job huh Maybe I'll tell Gromky about this.	You need something?
Th-that confirms it you're a creep	Cut it out. My hat's gonna fall off.
That's a whole lot of unfinished missions	Mission complete. You know the drill claim the rewards. Mm that's all.
Check your mail yadda yadda. If you don't I'll just throw it away. Mm that's all.	Here some cookies Gromky made. As your reward for a job well done.
Commission team's come back. I kind of expected that you knew that already.	Thanks for making me stronger. Yeah that's all.
I'm good on fuel. Only thing left to do is dispatch the enemy!	That takes care of the enemies. I guess that's all.
Ugh That was a pretty garbage battle	Out of my way.
I've been hurt. Mm that's all	Why exactly are you still here?
I've always got my eyes on you. Mm that's all.	You might fool Gromky but you can't fool me. If I catch you doing anything questionable I won't hesitate to whack you with this thing. Mm that'll be all.
You're awfully good at putting on faces. Unless you're actually an honest decent person after all? I guess I'll give you the benefit of the doubt for now. Mm that'll be all.	All right you're a decent person I'll give you that. Huh? You want me to be with you forever? Ummmm I-I need to think about that's all
Valentine's chocolate for you. Mm that's all. What is it weird to show my gratitude? Well I am and that's why I'm giving you it. Mm that's really all	Need something? Yeah I remember that it's Valentine's. Here – you deserve it for all your hard work. I was gonna give you it after you finished everything else but you ran into me before that. Mm that's all.
You've got all this work to do before the end of the day? I guess we just have to make a miracle happen	What are you ogling me for? I don't see what you get out of this
You always drink tea with me so why do you leave all the cookies to me? You'd rather I eat all I want? Huh I see	Uhh woaaaahhhhh
Are you ignoring all these missions hoping they'll go away? Yikes	You've earned three cookies for today's sorties. Mm that'll be all. Now say aah.
Next time do your job and command properly.	Wh-who gave you the right to just barge in? I did? Huh. Well seeing as you're here I guess we could read a book together. Mm that's all.
I got up to this part just the other day. Time to read the rest. Mm that's all.	Gromky's looking for me? Ugh I don't wanna go outside. But I'd feel bad about telling her to buzz off and pretending to be sick would worry her Hrmmm
If you wanna lounge around do it over there. Mm that's all.	Mmmh *yaaaaawn* Huh?! Oh no don't tell me I dozed off You didn't see anything got it? I mean of course you didn't!
Retivy I mean Tai Yuan and I shared our recommended book lists. It turns out we've got pretty similar tastes. Heheh.	Want me to read aloud for you or?
I-I knew it! You are a creep!	You could fill a whole book with all these unfinished mission drafts
There's a letter for you. Can I keep the stamp? Mm thanks.	Woah! Comrade you sure are early today! You know you can get a bit more rest if you'd like
Eh? What's wrong Comrade? Why are you staring at me like that Did I do something weird?	For troublesome issues let us all gather to face it together! That's the way we do it at the Northern Parliament after all!
Hehe Comrade did you also want to play with my little buddy?	Let's start with the easier missions! Here I'll help out too!
Mission complete! Unity is strength!	Here are some letters! Is there anything you were looking forward to?
Nothing's better than some blini to fill up your weary and hungry belly! Which would you like honey or jam?	They're coming back with some precious supplies over there!
As long as I can be of more use to everyone!	All our powers combined into one!
It's all thanks to everyone's hard work!	Owww I didn't think the enemy would be this organized
Take this! Unity is strength!	T-There's a crack in the rigging?!
Heyy! You can't get up yet! Didn't I tell you to get more rest?	Why are you staring at me like that? Ah! Did you want me to pat your head! Huh? That's not it?
You've worked real hard haven't you? Good job good job~!	Comrade! The morning is already here! Look how high the sun is in the sky!! C'mon a wonderful day is calling to us~!!
Hey Snezhok! Don't just sit there in the room and play games all day! Come on get a move on it will you?	This paper crane is supposed to be Reshitelny Chang Chun was the one who taught me how to make these! Hehe~
You want to know if I'm cold right now? I'm totally fine! Look the weather's so nice right now!	I don't hate it when you stroke my hair so Hold on you're doing it too roughly!
Wow look at that cutie! No not me! The one over there!	I've got plenty of pictures of Sara. 800 bucks a print!
Aaah that tickles~! I can't keep the camera straight~	The mission area is so pretty~ C'mon let's go take some photos!
The rewards are here~! Now we can buy new some film!	I need to develop these photos~
The girls who went out on a commission are back. I wonder how the photos I asked for turned out?	Now I can snap even more photos of Sara!
You over there! Strike a pose! I'm about to shoot~!	Dammit~ I lost focus!
This is for Sara! Haiyah!	You don't get to look at pictures of Sara anymore!
Ah You don't want to hear about Sara? You want to know more about me? Eh um. Ah! This is so embarrassing!	I present to you: the Gridley-Certified 1:7 Scale Sara Chocolate Ice Cream Model! Why ice cream? What's wrong with that? Chocolate ice cream counts as chocolate too! Why's that the first thing you noticed anyway?! Are you not amazed with how detailed Sara is?
Heehee! Behold: Gridley-Certified Sara's Greatest Moments Deluxe Edition with chocolate! Featuring never-before-seen photos of our goddess Sara! There's photos with you in there too. Enjoy the chocolate while you admire the photos~	Christmas special edition Saratoga photos one thousand dollars each! Guhehe~ my fangirl power level increases during the holiday season!
What's in this bag? Guhehe~ an album of premium Saratoga photos! As long as I have this she will always be at my side!	Uwaah! Don't take any pictures!
Those Four Unbreakables are a cool bunch. I wish I could join them but that's not possible 'cause that would ruin the naming convention. Very unfortunate.	I don't like foxes or invaders 'cause they both try to take my home from me. Once they show up you must drive them away.
кролик bites when it gets angry. Well not so much bite as slice I guess.	She who does not work neither shall she eat seems to be the rule here. With that in mind we should finish these missions now so we may drink tomorrow.
I much prefer the Northern Parliament's drinks!	I dunno what to say. Let's go with Ураааа!
Blahh I've had a few drinks too many	кролик грызть! (Sic' em Królik!)
I haven't had enough to drink	Everyone tells me that is getting food from strange people is one thing but making strangers *into* food is not okay.
How does the milk cocoa taste? Do you like it? Then my handmade chocolate was a success Hm? Yeah I just mixed the chocolate in this cocoa.	Hold on a second. Humph Alright I welcome you to my abode The Manjuu looks nervous? Why's that?
Drinking from a can doesn't feel the same	The ball and chain? It doesn't weigh much. See? Oh sorry for startling you
I don't have my кролик so I'll have to use this ball and chain.	It's warm here compared to my motherland's waters. I can drink while wearing little clothing and still be fine. *glug glug*
Hmm If I tweak Królik around a bit like this But it'll probably be a problem if I don't finish this in one go Guess I'll think about it while I eat. Mhm.	Królik is taking the day off. It'll be stronger the next time you see it. Trust me.
Warm drinks are nice.	Laffey give me your rabbit ears for a second. Let's see how this looks Hmm It sort of fits but not really
Eat as many blini as you want.	Do you want to give Królik a swing?
Our shift starts now. Królik Pirožkí Manjuus – form up! Let us realize our Manjuu comrades' dreams!	Time to get to work Pirožkí. Roar!
Akashi made these Manjuu combat robots? Mwahahah. I guess even the bourgeois cat has her useful moments I appreciate the sponsorship.	Kent's scones are so good I'll take those as today's payment please.
Show me what you can do Porta-Królik.	Here Pirožkí. Food.
Don't tempt fate or you'll see Królik's bad side. Mwahahah	Avrora? Never mind – it's the commission team. They're back.
Time for action! Uraaaa!	I can keep this up a while longer.
Strong green tea is almost as good as hot chocolate. It sucks I can't chug it since this cup is so tiny.	Gremyashchy and I left our weapons at Gromky's place for safekeeping. She said it's dangerous to walk around with them out.
This fake plant looks nice Hm? It's not fake it's real?	*gulp gulp* Pfahh! Ahh I'm coming back to life Oh need to give myself a little splash Urgh now I spilled my borscht
*gulp gulp* Pfahh! The more I drink the hotter it gets Must be because I'm drinking HOT chocolate. Makes sense	I'm getting dizzy again
That's odd I haven't even cracked open the vodka	We'll take a cold bath after the mission? Okay. Be quick.
I hope Gromky's team comes back soon I'm going to melt soon	Khorosho. But now my drink has gone warm I can't drink this!
My whole world is spinning	Mornin'. Oh you're already here? Aren't you the real diligent type
Ya need me to tidy up around here? Sure thing. Then if you'd please leave the office for around fifteen minutes	*Yaaaaawn* I'm beat Having Myoukou lecture me first thing in the morning then having Ashigara fret over me Well of course I know it's for my sake but
Hmm? Ya heading out? Then I'll—what? You don't mind if I come with you right?	Here're your missions. I'm here focusing on the ones you've assigned me so good luck on yours.
Hm? You've already finished your missions? Nice good stuff.	You've got some letters. Yeah yeah. I'll go get'em for you.
*Yaaawn*. Oh you're back Guess I'm done for now Wait there's more to do isn't there	Commissions completed. What are you staring at me like an idiot for? Let's head out and greet'em.
So as long as you put something trendy on Don't mind me.	Give me a bit and I'll get to it!
Piece of cake. Not much else for me to say really.	See if you can spot me!
Who cares about miracles so long as I can protect my friends!	I'll take care of you right here right now. Just kidding I'd hate to lower everyone else's morale around here.
*Yaaaaawn* So tired Don't you feel tired at all? Don't force yourself too much or ya'll set a bad example for other girls who'd follow the lead and overwork themselves.	A-a pledge ring?! This has to be some kind of joke No way. I mean I'm perfectly fine with it but are you fine with me? I-I mean I'm a total night owl
What'll you be having me do today? Eh you don't have anything in mind? You just want me to sleep for once Is that my mission? Or are you trying to scold me like Myoukou? E-either way I know it's for my sake but	Whew everything's sparkling clean now. Tidying up the office always lifts my spirits. Same goes for you right?
It's surprisingly a lot of work being your bodyguard. Not only do I have to watch out for your safety but also for the other girls who try to N-never mind what I just said	Pfft hahaha No need to be nervous. I'm not the angry type like Myoukou.
You've still got some missions left. Plannin' on staying up late to finish 'em? Alright but I'll stay here with you 'til you call it a day.	Another win under your belt huh? Nah I'm not annoyed or anything it's just I'd like to prove my mettle on the battlefield instead of housesitting back here.
Commission completed. Now we need to welcome the girls back right? Yeah yeah. I know.	I'm the MVP this time around~! Whew who would've thought a proper night's sleep would make such a difference?
My skirt? Yeah I'm wearing a skirt today My skirt! S-stop don't look! Ugh what am I supposed to do about this now	Everyone's working together to clean up this pop-up café. It's designed specially to entertain you to the fullest so everyone's working diligently Perhaps too diligently since that's why I slipped and hurt my foot.
As our exemplar Mikasa really is so cool Compared to her I'm just a clumsy brat Ahaha	You want to treat my injury? T-thanks a lot *blush*
W-what are you planning on doing to me?	You alright? Not hurt anywhere are ya? Ehehe I was just thinking that we could slack off together if you had happened to injure your foot as well.
Commissions completed. What are you staring at me for let's go greet'em already. You don't need to worry about me I'll be fine. Jeez.	H-hey help me out! No I didn't come in here for fun. When I finished my security duty last night I got to thinking about how I was going to give you chocolate for Valentine's and fell asleep. When I woke up I was stuffed in this thing
If I move you're gonna see everything No I don't want you to see my bits! Mmrgh!	It's a little cramped in here but eh I'll be fine. Akashi should be here soon She'd lose money if nobody can play it right?
Yaaawn My bad. I'm a little sleepy This thing's ventilated so don't worry about me.	M-move the claw carefully okay? You'll crush the chocolate
Wh-why are you going straight for THAT place?!	Do you have any interest in Dragon Empery's traditional opera? In that case I'd be glad to show you an example. What sort of piece would you want me to perform?
My sister's pretty reserved but I don't shy away from speaking my mind. Comes as naturally to me as breathing!	The Dragon Empery has a proverb that goes it is never too late for the noble to take revenge but personally I disagree! If you don't set wrongdoers straight right away they'll only be emboldened!
Oh you are so gonna get an earful from my sister for this!	You like my hair ornament? Thanks but no touching please.
You've got new missions! I'll do the navigating!	Mission complete! Might I interest you in a dramatic performance during breaktime?
Those girls you sent out have returned! I've readied a small meal for them. An army can't march on an empty stomach you know!	Spare no expense. Even a dull blade can shine bright right?
Forward in formation! Let not a single scrap of armor remain of our enemies!	When I take the reins none may stand before me!
Bweh I'll get you for this!	Hi-yah! We'll scatter you like petals in the current!
Gah Don't you dare underestimate me!	Hmph. Everything you've done and said I'll hold against you forever!
I wonder what gift I should buy for Hai Tien on my next trip Wait I've got it! The same as usual – a yummy snack!	If I'll ever have to make a tough life decision I'll face it with solemn courage and thrust forward like a river current cleaving through land! .Hoo! Haah!
We have a saying in the Dragon Empery the time spent sharpening your axe is made back multifold on the job. In other words taking some time to rest makes you more productive in the end! So with that in mind How about we go on a journey right now?	If I've put you off with my habit to say whatever pops into my mind then sorry! Then again you've known me for so long you must be used to it by now. Right? Hehehe~
Oh my gosh! Is this for me? Hehehe~ Know that you're in safe hands with me. I promise you're not gonna regret this decision! If you didn't know I'm the world's best housewife bar none! Now with our vows made let's get started packing our belongings and go on a productivity-boosting honeymoon!	Reward the righteous and punish the wicked and you will live neither indebted nor in regret. That's my motto! You can't go easy on wrongdoers – they'll only keep pushing the boundary of what they can get away with!
Being upfront about your feelings is good b-but I'd appreciate at least a little restraint!	This act – known as the behind-back pipa – takes serious skill. You can't pull it off with half-baked effort!
Allow me to play you a song on my pipa! Full disclosure though: I only started learning it a while ago. If something sounds off don't be afraid to point it out!	Struggling with poetic rhymes? Ask my sis she can produce ten verses without even thinking about it! No seriously!
You've fallen for my goddess-like looks haven't you~? Hehehe it's okay to come out and admit it~	Clouds of fog sail the air as pond lotuses bloom. The mountain recluse descends from the sky to play a melody. My sis composed this little poem on the spur of the moment and I wrote it down!
It is easier to relate with the despair of a wilting flower than the beauty of a blooming flower. Do you think I'm being too sentimental?	What shall we do for dinner? Hmm How about some mapo tofu?
Oh my apologies I was thinking about the book of poems I was reading earlier. What can I do for you?	H-how shameless of you!
Hm? I feel perfectly fine though?	Good work completing your missions. I'm sure the rewards will be great as well.
Every word and letter written on this paper is a deep thought from far away	It looks like the girls have returned from their commissions. Make sure you show them your gratitude.
Is the only way to end war through more war?	War stains the land for a thousand miles bullets salting the earth in its wake. When will the flames of war finally be snuffed out?
I see Even horses can stumble.	Even mountains will move before an unbreakable spirit!
The fog's rolling in?!	Please do not talk to me. I wish to be alone.
Being able to find one's soulmate in the flowing river of time is the greatest blessing in life. Wait um that means we're more than just good friends. Err umm I'm okay with that too I mean wait give me a second to sort out my thoughts P-please just a moment!	Western confections are rather fun to make. Unfortunately Hai Chi stopped me before I could put some of my personal touches on it Well here you go. And happy Valentine's Day~
Whether you'd like to discuss some poetry or simply chat for a bit I'd love to spend some time with you.	Ah um at least let me prepare myself
Hmph I'm not a child anymore	It would appear that the winds of fortune favor us today. Hehe~
It is quite natural for me to be in high spirits. After all my beloved is by my side your warmth imbuing me with a happiness that overflows without cessation. What cause could I possibly have to be displeased? And just like me I hope that as long as I remain by your side your precious smile will never fade away~	Just looking at all the carp in the pool full of vigor and vitality seems to uplift my spirit as well.
I finished writing my couplet for the Lunar New Year and Ying Swei is preparing to transcribe it. She even said We made it through without relying on Chao Ho. Looks like the two get along well.	I've prepared some splendid dishes for the upcoming Spring Festival banquet. Sweet and sour fish braised pork feet and dongpo pork Yep they all look good!
You'll hold this for me? Why thank you very much.	My it looks like this drunkard has set their sights on something other than alcohol.
Lotus flowers blooming in a clear pond clouds flowing through the air a sage descends from their dwelling playing music and dancing about. Hehe Hai Chi's dance is something worth appreciating. If that sounds interesting to you why don't we go watch her together?	So you've come. Color me surprised. I assumed you had overslept but that seems to not be the case.
My room's a bit messy you say? So what? There's no problem as long as I can find everything I need.	It is great to have access to such a wide variety of sparring opponents here Friends? Hmph just having one or two is sufficient.
My katana is my soul. Should it leave my side I Never mind forget I said anything.	I had the opportunity to roll some rice balls during my free time. You may have them if you're hungry.
What is it? If you require something of me speak your mind.	What are you trying to imitate me? Hey knock it off already!
How dare you pat me without permission. Have you no fear of being cut down?	Missions? I have no desire to waste my time on such trifling chores. I'll leave that to you.
See I knew you had it in you. The ability to handle trifling chores is quite commendable.	A new missive? Oh it's not a duel challenge. Boring.
M-my katana Phew Ahh I really don't feel complete without it. Hey why are you still here? Do you really have the free time to stand around in a daze?	Did the commission fleet come back while I was sidetracked? Oh you're going to go greet them? See you in a bit.
Hmph. The distance between me and the rest grows ever greater.	Show me the fool that dares challenge the mighty Hakuryuu!
Hmph! They sent lowly scum to try to stop the mighty Hakuryuu? How laughable!	L-let's get out of here! .H-has anyone seen my katana?!
Divine retribution befalls you!	How could the great Hakuryuu be damaged?!
Scum. Stay away from me.	Praise me if I do well. Berate me if I do poorly. That's just how work goes. There's no need to concern yourself over me.
Not too bad. You might actually be able to keep pace with me Hmph. But if you become complacent or regress I'll cast you aside faster than anyone else.	Umm have you seen my katana? I swear I left it here but it's nowhere to be found Ahem! A-a-anyways if I don't find it soon um it's a really big deal so please help me!
Now that you've seen my secret I can no longer afford to let you out of my sight! Hmph from now on we shall do everything together! Of course that includes going outside to play W-wait this kind of feels like I'm getting taken advantage of!	You think I'd just sit there and listen to your sentimental M-my katana?! When'd you get your hands on that?! Give it back! Please I'll do anything you say! Fine I admit defeat Ughh but this somehow doesn't feel all that bad
Huh? Valentine's chocolate? Heh don't you dare underestimate me. First I'll cut up this chocolate and drop it in boiling water Hmph! Haaah! W-w-wait don't put the kitchen knife away!!	Oh it's you. What are we going to do today– G-give my katana back! Y-you're training me to get used to not having it? Whyyy?!
If it's about that fight earlier we could've just slugged it out. What's the point of dragging the issue back to the dinner table? Ugh	I think I should leave this backup sword with you I mean just in case Just in case I drop mine it'll be a huge help to have you around
It's time to make rice balls! You should have some too! Do I love white rice so much because of my name?! What are you stupid?	Wh-what are you doing?! Stop! Please stop that already!
Y-yes?! I'm here! P-please don't eat me?! D-don't sneak up on me when I don't have my weapon	Wh-what is it? Oh the commission fleet is back? W wait don't pull on me! At least let me grab my katana Ahem. Anyway let's get going.
All righty one freshly-sliced plate of sashimi coming right up! Huh? I'm coming across too aggressive? Even after I went through all this trouble for you you still have something to nitpick about? Well whatever. Enjoy your meal!	Thanks to my little friends here the kitchen is nice and tidy. Well not that I mind if things are a little messy. Ahaha!
Huh? You got a problem with the great Hakuryuu's cooking you scallywag? Oh you ran out of sashimi? Got it. I'll serve you right up.	Huh? My blade isn't cut out for kitchen work? You stop that snickering this instant! Your jaw's gonna hit the floor when you see my magnificent bladework!
Oi you plan on watching all day or are you gonna come help me? Knowing you I'm sure you've got what it takes!	NOBODY TOUCHES THE KATANA!! Oh sorry. Got a little carried away there. Did I scare you?
Do you want this blade of mine to turn you into fine filets?	Did another order come in just now? Heh. I'll take care of it.
All done with your missions? Good timing I just finished prepping the order.	A new letter? No way are we getting challenged to a cooking duel?
*grumble* Oh hey you perfect timing! C'mere and help me think up some new recipes!	Bad little submarines come out come out wherever you are~
I'm a bit jealous of the Little Beavers If only I had the same legendary feats as them	Y-You can't do that!
Don't forget that I helped you with that mission! Ehehe vanilla ice cream is waiting for me~!	Don't you forget I'm the one who brought you the mail!
The commission fleet is returning? I'll go greet them! That's right the more you put yourself out there the quicker you can make a name for yourself!	I have to get stronger and shine even brighter!
I Halsey Powell shall lead this fleet to victory!	Mhmhm! Do bask in the heroic visage of your MVP Halsey Powell!
Awww P-please don't look at meeee	Keep your eyes on me!
Am I really in a pinch?	Just you wait! When I become the most famous person at the port!
All right! I'm going to put my best foot forward for everyone to see!	It's going to be hard to capture everyone's attention here but but Yeah I'll start by making sure I have your undivided attention!
Huh? I get to have you to myself all day?! There are so many things I want to do that I don't know where to begin! Oh but my chocolate isn't much of a fair trade for that You think it is? Ehehe	The Dragon Empery's lucky star is an old geezer? I see W-wait! I don't want to be the lucky star anymore!
I want to eat something sweet and fluffy	The Zodiac is really neat! But why is there a dog and a rat on there but no cat?
If you're ever in trouble just leave it to your lucky star Halsey Powell!	I've finished hanging up all the paper lanterns around the port! Hehe now when everyone sees them they'll praise the hardworking maiden who put them up - that's right me!
This time too I swear to protect my friends!	Tanikaze until you finish your training don't expect to get much beauty sleep!
Though I may be but a single destroyer I'll still do all I can to protect everyone.	Bou-no-misaki where it all came to an end
Our next mission is	Reading through these reports should be your top priority.
Great job. Did everyone do their job during the sortie?	Well done Commissions are hardly a big deal compared to Rat Transports right?
The wind grows stronger.	This wind is perfect for battle!
Heheh! This is nothing spectacular for me!	I have to rescue the survivors
I see an opening!	I hope one day Destroyer Division 17 can reunite here
The breeze feels really nice today But we can't afford to rest yet! Yamato wait for me	For as long as the wind blows I will always be by your side.
M-maybe we should wait until it's all over Th-that said I'd feel bad if I rejected you now so I'll have to accept it Hey stop laughing!	You may have eaten my cooking at the pop-up café but you'd best be excited for today's chocolate. I've practiced more since then and on top of that It has my special feelings in it!
Could you stop poking my cheek Tanikaze Hey stop! No poking there especially!	I love seeing my friends smile. That's why
It's not over yet This time I'll triumph at Bou-no-misaki.	Urakaze Isokaze Tanikaze have you all taken your seats? Then let's review the essentials of the last formula we studied.
Improve yourself so that you can better protect those you care about. That's why I study as hard as I do.	Here we'll use this equation then do this Hah a trivial question like this is no issue for me.
Hm hm at this range with these forces we can win!	That parabola was beautiful
I do all the cooking while Tanikaze takes care of the cleaning. Are we the only staff you wonder? No we've got all these little guys helping us too!	Welcome! I came up with this flavor after eating at tons of restaurants! No other store can match it!
Tanikaze could you come help me out in here once you're done cleaning?	Does the little guy on this plate even have a name? I'm not sure?
I'd appreciate it if you'd leave your cutlery here after you're done eating.	Welcome! Oh it's just you. Will you have the usual? Or do you wanna try the new menu items?
How long were you going to keep me waiting?! Being alone feels so Hmph!	You pervert! What are you staring at?!
Get ready for punishment if you open the window!	Why won't you talk to me?
I don't want you touching me you pervert!	Go finish your missions already!
Are you actually going to have me open the rewards for you?	Good work I-I didn't say anything! Get back to work now!
A commission has been completed idiot!	Hmph flattering me won't get you anywhere!
I'm going to crush all of you weaklings!	Hmph did you really think this would be enough to make me happy?
I'm not doing it just for you or anything like that!	I don't even feel like getting angry anymore
Just what are you staring at?! You pervert!	You're totally wrong if you think you've improved your relationship with me!  I guess I'll admit it's improved. But just a little!
If you're not looking at me then at whom?! You just don't understand girls at all because you're so stupid! Just because I'm not being proactive doesn't mean you Wha?! Don't hug me all of a sudden I-I'll call the police!	You've finally learned haven't you? I'll gratefully accept it B-b-but I'm not happy about it in the slightest!
I made this for you! I-if you don't want it then I'll just eat it! You really don't want it? J-just eat it you idiot!	How long were you going to make Hammann wait?! I've been trying to give you your chocolate for minutes now! W-what you think I've been hiding it behind my back this whole time? Of course not!
Y-you're late slowpoke! What took you so long huh? A-are you conspiring against me? No? Maybe I'm jumping to conclusions No no way! You're definitely up to SOMETHING! Hmph!	I'm just wearing new clothes so why should I have to raise my skirt like this? Huh? You want me to look more upset? You you pervert!
You're a full-blown pervert beyond saving if just seeing these clothes makes you so excited!	How long are you going to keep looking I want to go see how Yorktown is doing
As long as you promise to work hard I'll stay with you for just a little longer I guess?	Good work out there W-what! I'll give a decent compliment to someone who works hard even if they're stupid!
I'm not really happy at all! But since you're bonding with me for once I have to say thank y H-hmph! I didn't say anything!	A-are you staring at my swimsuit? Hmph! J-just for today I'll let you worship me!
I never said it was okay to just ignore me!	If you like beach volleyball so much then go play with Cygnet instead of me! Hmph!
Y-you pervert! I'll shoot you!	Hmph! I'm only here because you pleaded so desperately for me to come! Don't get any funny ideas! Why did I take so long to pick out my clothes? It it's not like I was trying to impress anyone! I definitely wasn't looking forward to this party or anything!
How long do you plan to keep staring The party's going to end at this rate! You dummy!	Woah This is the first time I've seen Yorktown like that Is she going to be okay?
E-even if we're dancing I won't forgive you if you touch any weird places!	Good work wh-what's your deal! Even I know when someone deserves praise!
W-well since you were on such good behavior during the party you do deserve some praise. What should I do next H-hey! Don't suddenly hug me! Ugh Jeez Wh-what am I going to do with you	Ughh These gloves are so heavy and the dress is too revealing. Why on earth did I decide to put these on I can't show myself to Yorktown like this!
This attachable tail can move? Really huh And why do you know that?!	Hah aren't these cat ears just the cutest? I thought so.
Eldridge's costume looks easier to move about in N-no I don't wanna try it you stupid perv!	You want me to shake fans' hands? With these bulky paws?
Eek! You shameless pervert!	Go review our job offers! Now!
Here the rewards. That Chesh-something girl came and delivered it earlier.	Well done and all that Wait what do you mean Sims took pictures?! Why didn't you tell me that sooner?!
Hey dummy commission complete No! There's no way in hell I'm going out wearing this!	I-I'm going into battle wearing THIS?!
Hmph! That's what happens when you poke fun at me!	Dang it I told you I can't fight like this!
I-I'm nobody's surprise! Ugh I should've never listened to Sims Stop staring already and undo these ribbons around my arms!	I'll do it myself! Hngghh! *pant* I-I can't do it after all Stop being useless and help me out!
Wh-what do you think?! Like I'd ever agree to be turned into a present! It's just I didn't know what else to give you for Christmas	Hmph! You're not gonna get any work done without me helping you!
I haven't given Yorktown my present yet I can't just be stuck like this all day!	G-give me some space you idiot! N-no that doesn't mean I'm telling you to stay away!
You're really exploiting the fact that I can't move I'm never ever forgiving you for this!	Do you think it's funny to leave me stuck in this box?!
Finally I'm free again Now you're going to feel my wrath!	I love the way countless flowers bloom vividly during the spring but even so I wouldn't want it to be spring all year long - that would be unfair to the flowers that only bloom in other seasons. Mhm I'm sure the four seasons exist so that all flowers have a chance to bloom. Hehe~
The sun in the west the moon in the east canola blossoms inbetween. I'd love to see this scenery myself.	Anything you need me to do as long as it is within my abilities I would gladly do for you.
Eek?! Um if I may be so bold this sort of behavior is It would be best not to do this to the other girls	New mail seems to have arrived. If you need me to sort it for you please let me know.
I see I see. That was quite educational.	Be careful everyone. Watch out for the submarines!
It's only right that I offer my gratitude to everyone who fought alongside me.	I see because of my indecisiveness I am terribly sorry for dragging everyone down
Hanazuki is here to offer support!	Ngh As long as the others are safe
I see that while my heart was still wavering you've already made up yours. Then I won't hesitate to reciprocate your feelings either Hanazuki will gladly accept this ring. I'm so glad that I can be someone who is important to you	Niizuki is fun to talk to but why does she act that way when around people who aren't her relatives?
I've heard some say that summer is the season of cherry blossoms lotus petals and sunflowers but If you ask me being able to leisurely enjoy the breeze with you feels pretty good too. Hehe~	Today may be my day off but if there is anything I can do for you please do not hesitate to call upon me.
Even though it's the same sea as always watching the clouds with you while wearing this unusual outfit is filling me with novel sensations I've never felt before	Gah! Ah s-sorry! I was just looking at the ocean and suddenly shifted into anti-submarine mode I know I shouldn't be so uptight during time off!
Do you need me to lend you a swim ring?	Please tell me which tasks you'd like to start with and which events you'd like to attend.
The floral patterns on the Dragon Empery's dresses are so pretty How should I thank Miss Aurora for picking out such a wonderful selection?	The entire port is filled with the gentle aroma of fresh flowers~ Even though it's not quite spring yet doesn't this holiday carry a bit of that longing for the early arrival of spring?
Everyone in the commission fleet has returned. I've prepared some gifts for them Oh should I set off some firerackers first?	Let us ring in the new year with a splendid victory!
Hai Tien's always sayin' stuff like you are what you eat but she's always guzzling down those chilis like it's nobody's business. If you ask me the best food is whatever fills your belly.	Chen Hai's out there doing divinations on the cosmos before she makes her move but I'm the complete opposite. Hit first ask questions later! Hahaha!
If you have time to burn wanna see one of my comedy skits? Hahaha I've got quite a few little hobbies outside of fightin'.	Oho? You've got guts. Real punchable guts.
Another job huh? Just leave it to me. I'll have everything sorted out for you.	Well done! I'll hand out the rewards so you just worry about getting rested up.
I picked up the mail for you on the way here. Hurry up and take a look!	You must be tired from all that running around right? Want me to help you relax? I can draw the bathwater for you or give you a massage You in?
Hahaha! I'm itchin' for a fight!	Everyone follow me!
Hmph absolutely pathetic. Not even worthy of being my playthings.	Retreat now – I'll handle things over here!
See how you like this!	If you think you've got what it takes come at me!
If you're not busy want to step out for a chat? Haha there's nothing to be embarrassed about. The best way to get to know someone is to have a nice long chat with them right?	What do you do on your days off? I like going out with my friends I guess. Get some good food and drinks. It's a great change of pace! Oh right since we have free time today let's go do that right now!
Looks like you've already made up your mind. But this venue isn't lively enough Let's find an auspicious day and invite all our friends over for a huge banquet. I'm gonna invite everyone so you better yell my name out to the world!	What? Chocolate? That stuff's great for replenishing energy in a bind. It's in our emergency rations isn't it? I wonder who came up with the idea of using Valentine's to exchange that stuff? Pretty smart I say. Hahaha!
I dropped by the Sardegnian dorms last time and color me surprised when they showed me to a massive outdoor bath! They even invited me to bathe with them Damn that was awesome~	If only you also had rigging like me I'd totally look forward to fighting alongside you. But since you're defenseless you've no choice but to stay behind me for protection! Ahaha!
Even a girl like me has her charms huh? Hahaha!	We've got another job coming up. Why not treat it as some light exercise? You'll get rusty if you sit at your desk all day.
Another job done. The two of us make an unstoppable duo. Let's keep up the pace and pick up the rewards as well.	Welcome back. I made a reservation with the place you love going to so let's head over once you're done. Ah right why don't you cool down in the shower first?
The commission team is back. Let's take a look Alrighty! I've got everything I need to make some tasty snacks!	I'll take up the front!
A crushing victory! Let's celebrate with a banquet when we get back home!	Heh Even if I fall here you're not laying a finger on my friends!
I heard that a date is a great way for two people to learn more about each other. Well you choose the restaurant then and I'll cover the bill. Let's treat ourselves to some kick-ass food and liquor! That's not it? Did I misunderstand something? I thought that's what it said in one of those novels	It's cool. If you wanna look go right ahead! I got this swimsuit just because I wanted you to see me in it after all!
Are those the Four Unbreakables over there? Looks like they're buildin' a sand castle together How about we make one of our own?	They say if you hold french fries on the beach seagulls flock you. We brought french fries right? Wanna give it a try?!
Look I reserved this whole beach to be alone with you so that Huh? The other girls will see? Damn You've got it rough bud.	Ooh you wanna wrestle in the water? I'm not goin' easy on you! Take this!
Look at you goin' for it out in the open Yikes.	Mission rewards huh? Aw damn they gave us frozen watermelon! Now there's a stroke of luck. I was just thinkin' of how to cool down!
Take a hot bath and you wanna stay in there a bit longer. Go in the ocean and you wanna start swimming. See what I mean? When people go places it changes the way they feel.	The commission team just got back. How about we invite them along? The more the merrier!
You seem to be running a little late. Your Excellent please begin your work soon.	Nothing can be achieved without repeated practice. Your Excellency you should know this quite well yes?
There's something relaxing about this office hmm W-woah?! I I'm not nodding off!	I may be a flotilla leader but that's because I've earned the trust of my sister ships. It's not like I have a higher rank than them.
Hunter I bet you ate my cake again! Oh sorry Your Excellency did I disturb you?	Eek?! Your Excellency? Please don't suddenly touch me like that!
This rapier may be decorative but the business end still hurts!	Your Excellency let's begin the mission after reviewing the documents.
Look Your Excellency! We've gotten so many rewards!	Your Excellency don't assume I'll be getting the mail for you every time!
Your Excellency is there anything we should reflect upon regarding this previous battle?	As a leader if you have the right to give orders to others then you must also cherish their contributions.
Phew Though I've become stronger I can't afford to lapse in my training	Look alive! Don't give the enemies an opening!
Everyone this victory is even more reason to not let your guard down.	Don't stay here! Please withdraw immediately!
I won't give you an opening!	I've got to hang in there!
I abhor slovenly people!	Ugh! Um Your Excellency My apologies but when I feel an unfamiliar presence approach me Ahem! In any case it's my policy to not let my guard down.
A tea party? Thank you for your consideration but I still have to finish my training B-but I'd appreciate it if you could bring me a slice of cake	Overthinking can have unintended consequences? I see I'll keep that in mind.
Your Excellence even if you try to sneak up on me I've already memorized your aura Eek?! Wh-why are you hugging me? Ahaha It t-tickles it tickles!	I know! I know you're going to tell me to not overthink things! But I have to tell you as well Your Excellency you're too slovenly at times! I'll be watching your every move from now on so prepare yourself!
You're still awake at this hour Your Excellency? Well you see I-I was hoping to give you these chocolates! Think of them as a special energy booster for Valentine's Day as you're always working so hard! And as a show of gratitude for all your help!	Your Excellency I once more offer you a present this Valentine's Day. To focus excessively on superficial packaging would only cheapen the sincerity of these emotions Wait hold on that's not how you're supposed to open it!
I wish I was as popular as Kirishima... Well kind of...	At last... At long last I will have my battle with Wales...!
Joushuu beef is some of the best around. Care to try some?	Do you like Hiei's handmade sweets too?
Hah!!!... I'll keep my gloves on next time so I can strike you without getting my hands dirty.	Hiei what do you say we get some exercise?
Kongou I'm basically already an adult now.	Well done out there. Did you run into any enemies?
All right I should head out and... Huh...? Not yet...?	I've become faster!
Let us begin!	Kongou! Please reward me!
Gah... I'm sorry but... a loss is a loss...	Unleash more firepower!
It's not over yet!	I've lost all hope in you.
Kongou allow me to give you a shoulder massage.	After a tough battle I feel like eating a whole bucket full of rice.
"T-this feels a little odd... From now on you'll be my most beloved... H-how you ""compare to my big sisters""? T-that's not at all what I was talking about!"	"(Haruna gave you a heart-shaped chocolate confectionery. She was intent on getting to you before anyone else did and expressed her feelings quite directly as she delivered it: ""J-just take it! Please!"")"
I think it's fine to enjoy school life once in a while... Hm? You wanna know what I'm listening to? Sure if you're okay with just one earbud.	I think people will gawk at us if Kirishima and I walk around looking like this... *Sigh*... It's tough being popular...
I think I prefer working up a sweat in the sports field over reading in the classroom.	Gotta join a club... There's the karate club... Maybe that'll work?
I always look forward to the lunch box Hiei makes for me every day.	... Do you want me to beat you over the head with my bag?
Shoot... No time... Let's finish them quick!	Hey you're late. The party's already started. Oh well let's get you a drink to whet your appetite.
To no surprise Kirishima is the life of the party. Everyone wants to dance with her... I-I'll pass though...	If I remember Wales's wine tasting advice right... First breathe in its aroma swirl the wine in the glass then take another breath... Wait... So when do you drink it?
Wow this steak is really good! Heheh see what I told you about Joushuu beef?	A dance? You're on! I've been practicing tons just for this! Oops give me a minute to get my bearings straight...
...I'm warning you: the turrets aren't purely decorative.	Nicely done. Let's get back to the party shall we?
Getting dressed was easier than you might think because I practiced it! See you start from the bottom and... Oh geez!	When I say I'll do something I'll do it right! I'll prove that even I can conduct myself elegantly as one of Kongou's sisters!
Watch this I've got a stylish move for you!	What? Huh?!
This isn't so easy to move in but bringing the rewards here was easy as pie.	How's THAT Kirishima?! I can battle even in a kimono!
O gods please bless this port so that everyone may come home safely.	Yoizuki may seem cold but she's very nice and is always thinking of everyone else!
Good luck! I'll... be supporting you!	C-Can I truly become stronger like this?
My s-skirt is gonna get blown away!	Surely this must have been the gods' blessings.
O gods please save us!	O gods please watch over us!
O gods please give me guidance...!	Back then my sisters and I were all scattered to the winds... But we are finally reunited again. It's a miracle...
Y-You'd like to watch my kagura dance? B-but I still have a lot of practicing to do... Fusou said that rehearsals are just as important as practice...? I see! I... I'll do my best!	I practiced a lot for this... so I hope I can do a good job...
Fusou and Yamashiro went out of their way to practice with me! I'll have to make sure to thank them after this...!	Gods please watch over everyone this year...
Do you like this outfit that much?	"Oh also did you know my original name was ""Destroyer No. 9""? ... I suppose it's a good thing they decided to change it."
I think Matsukaze feels compelled to worry about us so much and sometimes we don't even know how we should respond...	If you want to slack off all day just resign. Oh also you have much work left to do.
Anti-air is crucial. Oh also the price one pays for negligence is much higher than you think.	... Now if you'd just use that bravery for something else my view of you might actually change.
Those with talent work a lot. Do not leave missions incomplete.	Well... I wasn't expecting this big of a reward.
Check the new mail you received. Oh also I have a copy of it as well.	Admirable work out there. Have some tea and reflect on your tactics.
Before you go collect those mission rewards remember to give thanks to those who worked so hard for them.	You needn't go so far for the likes of me... But I'm still grateful.
Don't think too hard just do your part and we'll win. Let's go!	A victory is merely a victory. Garishness and applause are needless.
It seems I have not kept up with the times...	It seems to be my turn.
Agh... So this is why they say you can't flee from pain...	Could you acknowledge the error of your ways before other girls start thinking poorly of you?
If you'd like perhaps I could give you a wise lady's advice on how to interact with others?	Different people must be treated in their own unique way. This is no secret to social success but it will help make you more sociable.
Ah you should also take this amulet. It will make you more sociable. But beware: if you use it to hurt someone you will be too.	If something's on your mind tell me. I may be old but my experience has been useful for solving many problems. Besides why would you hide anything from your partner? Ahah.
It's me you want? But I'm not attractive I'm just a bother who likes nagging about you... You're really not joking? I-if so... *Ahem* then till the oceans of the world dry up I will remain by your side.	You should treasure chocolate received from a girl. Oh also that means treasuring the feelings behind the chocolate more so than the chocolate itself. So in short be appreciative of this chocolate I'm giving you now.
Don't worry about it. It's normal not to get any chocolate on Valentine's Day. But since you have me you'll get at least one. How about it? Aren't you going to thank me?	I see you took my advice and sook refuge in your room from all those predatory girls. That's what I like to see. Oh also I've confiscated all the chocolate those girls were going to give you... I'm joking of course. Just forget about everything else and take this moment to rest. Hah.
I see you boldly waiting out in the open without fear. That is proof of your growth. It's understandable to be wary of the wilder girls but hiding from them will only put off the problem. Oh also I've made chocolate for you. Allow me to give it to you another time; inviting the jealousy of others would only cause trouble for you.	Right on time~! I just finished warming up~ Let's get going!
Phew! That feels great! The warm sunshine feels amazing today!	Hey Bush stop loafing around and come jog with me!
If only we could host a port-wide sports meet... I know I'd be the fastest one out of all my sisters!	Eek! Don't go peeking under there!
Don't back down no matter how intimidating your pile of work looks!	Whaddya think? Nobody gets the mail faster than me right!
Are you tired? Should I help you get comfortable?	A commission has finished? I'll be right back!
Faster stronger!	All righty! Let's set sail everyone!
I'm number one? Now that's what I call unexpected ehehe...	I can't hold out any longer!
Take aim...!	I... I'm not scared!
There are lots of girls here who like to run fast. That's why I'd like to race them!	The sun isn't coming out today... But no matter hehe! As long as I stick with you I won't get mopey at all~!
Want to eat Valentine's Day chocolate together? Great! I was thinking there's no way you'd be able to finish all that by yourself right? I can get all my sisters to help out as well~	"Bush was like ""I'll help you out if you wanna try making it yourself."" But you want chocolate made by people who know their stuff right? So instead I got some and put my effort into making the wrapping look really cute!"
I can't rely on this thing alone...	If only my guns could be as strong as my radar...
Hm? I'm fine. I'm just... a little distracted.	If this makes you feel good then... I'm fine with it.
Bit by bit we'll build the foundation for victory. We'll start by doing missions.	Resources are no good if they just pile up. We should make use of them.
You've got new mail. It's important to stay in touch with your loved ones.	I'll use this power to protect everyone!
The enemy can't hide from me.	... We actually won?
SG give me your power!	SG lock on the enemy position!
SG protect me...	If only my recon could help the others...
My expression? Ah... it's because I left while we were on the losing end of the war... I might just not be so used to peace and happiness. But don't worry I'll be fine!	I think I've been more at ease lately... No I was just too tense up until now. It's all thanks to the courage you've given me by being beside me.
Thanks for telling me your preferences last year. I decided to put the knowledge to use and I invited St. Louis to make chocolate with me. Oh and don't worry our chocolates won't taste identical – we based our recipes on different aspects you like. Hehe~ Hope you enjoy.	This year's Valentine's was a break from the norm. I didn't consult anyone I just thought of you and what you like while I made this chocolate. How sweet would you like it? How should it smell? How strong should the cocoa be? How easily should it melt in the mouth? Things like that. And I loved every moment of it.
"St. Louis always praises me like ""my how you've grown"" whenever I do anything... It's kind of embarrassing..."	You want to know what my new and improved SG is capable of? All right... Find a place to hide that nobody knows about. Hehehe~
I think everyone would be better off living in the present without regrets than spend every day anxious about the future.	It's not enough to focus only on improving my equipment. I need to become stronger to use it properly too.
SG receiving message... A commission team has returned to port.	I'm... going to win!
Don't get complacent Helena... You've got to get even stronger!	It's okay Helena. There's always next time...!
I used to feel constant anxiety over if I'm capable or not but nowadays... that anxiety's been overtaken by confidence knowing all will be fine when you're with me. Heehee.	I'll cook dinner tonight! And breakfast tomorrow and dinner after that and breakfast the day after– Oops! I blurted all that without thinking...
Having experienced such bliss for a while now I've started wishing for an even more blissful future... It's sort of selfish of me but you don't mind do you?	I can't be reliant on my SG forever... Huh? So I should turn to you for help instead? ...Okay! I'll try to at least...
I should be fine if you um hold my hand for just another minute...	W-wait I need time to prepare myself...
The commission team has come back. That's at least some weight off my mind.	I... want to be part of the new year festivities too. Oh you don't have to worry about me. I'm no longer the fledgling I once was.
It seems the New Year's spirit has swept over the entire fleet.	My New Year's wish is... that I'll be more courageous and positive and that no harm will come to any of my friends...
For this year's shrine visit the whole Brooklyn-class Cleveland and her Knights of The Sea all went there together as one big family.	It's snowing... I never realized how peaceful and beautiful snow can be.
Huh? I was just thinking about what I should do during New Year's... There are so many things I want to do.	I... want to win!
That's right...! You did a great job me!	It's okay there's always the next time...!
"In preparation for today I got St. Louis to teach me how to dance. She laughed a lot at me telling me I'm ""such a klutz""... Ahah."	I'm not going to be scared or hesitate ever again because you and my friends are always with me.
Yeah that's right...! You're awesome Helena!	It's okay there's always next time...!
You and my friends have always taken care of looked after and protected me. But that can't go on forever. I want to stand beside you and become someone people can count on... So could you wait for me just a little longer... please?	You're back. Now it's time to duel!
Statistics aren't important it's how you take advantage of them.	It's my turn! Victory aside I also want to bring happiness to everyone.
What you want to duel?	"Rewards' is a good of a word as ""duel"". Let's see what you've got!"
Gotcha! Your dueling was hot out there!	Hold on! Our fleet has come back from commission. Let's see what they've earned.
The new me now can move to even greater heights with my deck!	When the stars gather in one place our bonds will illuminate a new future!
I won't surrender. My turn... Let me go!	It's my turn!
Our glory coalesces into the bonds that forge a bright new future! Let's rev it up! Hermes retrofit complete!	I've been waiting. The cards... no... my burning soul told me you'd returned.
Houshou is strong. And now I know. That strength comes from her kindness.	Your spirit is a great weapon and an even greater weakness. No matter where you are you must not forget that.
Centaur taught me how to make this. Try it. I'm showing you that I'm more than just a duelist.	There is something present in the mail beyond what you can see with your eyes. That is: friendship.
Hangar gate open!	Hatred no matter how deep it runs will always be weak.
My path to victory does not end here!	I really admire the head of the Royal Maid Miss Belfast... She can do anything and has a strong will to boot... I hope I can become like her one day.
It's not good to strain yourself by overworking. How about splashing some water on your face to refresh yourself?	A fizzy drink? ...What am I going to do with you? I suppose you can have just one bottle all right?
My have I gotten stronger?	The enemy's been detected~
Oh my what a failure...	I hope this hits~
It seems I let my guard down...	Every Valentine's Day I'm torn between the desire of letting you eat delectable chocolate and the desire of keeping you in good health... But I believe I've found a solution that strikes a fair balance between the two: you could drink decaf herbal tea to go with your chocolate. I'll make sure to pick some herbs that complement the taste well!
Does it look like I went all-out on this one? You know I've put a lot of thought into how you can accept everyone's chocolate while still staying healthy. Allow me to put my ideas into practice for you while you enjoy this special day!	This feeling of doing work with you by your side... It feels really great. Yep~
A fizzy drink? ...I guess it can't be helped. Just one more alright?	Good grief you never change...
Are we... playing doctor?	Actually... I bought this swimsuit back when it was on sale. I'm relieved that you like it...
Overexposure to the sun isn't good for your skin. Why don't we move somewhere else in a little bit?	A nap? Y-yes! Please take your time and relax to your heart's content. If something happens hm... don't worry I'll make sure you wake up when that happens.
I've prepared a cool refreshing drink for you. Please enjoy.	I changed into slightly more formal attire in preparation for us having afternoon tea together. Do you think... it doesn't suit me well...?
"The first thing that comes to mind when one speaks of ""elegance"" must surely be Miss Illustrious or Miss Hood. Oh you'd include me as well? Hehe I'm honoured~"	Hm? You'd like another serving of tea? Sure here you go~ Please let me know if there's anything you want~
Before you continue with your work please enjoy a delicious slice of cake and unwind a little~	My fellow Royal Maids drew inspiration from the Dragon Empery's traditional attire when crafting these clothes. I do hope you like them.
It is often said that the best medicine is bitter but I tried to make mine as sweet as possible to suit your tastes.	I wonder what kinds of effects these herbs have... I should ask Dido later.
I am quite proficient at following recipes and preparing ingredients. They're skills I often use as part of my work with the Royal Maids.	Might you be... checking my pulse?
New mail has arrived. Did they procure the ingredients I asked for?	The commission team has brought back some quality herbs! I propose that we have some herb tea to celebrate.
There has to be a cure for you out there somewhere... You're not beyond saving yet I know it!	Everyone in the 6th DesDiv is super unique! There's Ikazuchi Inazuma and we even have Akatsuki the ninja! I love everyone! Ehehe~
Verniy...? It has a nostalgic ring to it...	I'm so glad that we can all be together again~
If you don't need me for anything I'm going to go play with Ikazuchi and Inazuma~	We sure have all sorts of different missions huh... Don't sweat it though! I'll help you out!
Mail? Show me as well! Show me!	Good work out there~ Well having that said you still have a lot of stuff that needs to be done... Ahaha...
Ah that's right the commission fleet seems to have returned? Should I go with you to welcome them back?	"So this is that ""leveling up"" thing that Ikazuchi mentioned? Nihihi~"
Heheh~ Hibiki is super strong~! If you don't believe me just take a look at this~	Heheh~ I'll be taking that gold star~!
Awww... Looks like I'll have to go back to port for repairs...	Trust in me!
I won't let it end like this!	I've been making Akatsuki worried all this time. I have to apologize to her properly as well as thank her.
Akatsuki you've been pretty gung-ho about getting the 6th DesDiv back together... Well the name's not that important as long as we're all together. That's what I think anyway~	"This is the chocolate I made with Akatsuki and the others! Oh I had so much fun making it with everyone! I think Akatsuki felt the same way! Even though I'm sure she'll say something like ""I swear I haven't been seduced by the confectionary arts."""
I present you with Hibiki's Valentine's chocolate jam-packed with love and emotion! Feast your eyes and prepare your palate for this deluxe delicacy made by yours truly!	Well um y'see sorry to keep you all waiting for so long. I do feel kinda bad about it but since we're all here let's cheer up and put the past behind us! That's right look forward! Ehehe~!
Akatsuki you went all the way to the South Pole to look for me?! W-well I certainly didn't expect that...	Just like me Fubuki seems to also like being the center of attention. But for whatever reason only she keeps getting herself into weird situations. Why is that?
This brisk weather is nothing compared to the cold of the Northern Parliament! Huh? I'm comparing it to the wrong thing?	Want to know more about oni horn? Or this golden badge here?
Good work~ Even though it's the New Year's season there's still a mountain of work to get through isn't there~? Looks like I won't get to sleep the day away after all *sniff*~	Hehe~ Which do you prefer: matcha or black tea?
*Sigh*... Whenever Kirishima comes to a banquet all those kids that tag along with her usually end up making a mess of things...	When it comes to warfare wisdom and courage are equally important. We can't count on another miracle if we discard proper planning and rely on blind courage.
I can take you anywhere the ocean reaches.	Let's finish while we still have the momentum!
Hehe shall we celebrate by holding a banquet tonight?	Are all of these new letters? Thank you for your hard work.
Welcome back. The tea has just been brewed to the right temperature.	Welcome back everyone. Hopefully none of you encountered any suspicious people?
Today's breeze feels more pleasant than usual.	Hehe shall we go enjoy the festivities?
It was no big deal~	Was I bested...?
Be swept away by the raging waves!	What a pity...
That Kirishima... She's actually quite the popular one...	Being able to see everyone's smiles at the banquet makes all the hard work and preparation worth it.
"So this means... ""We'll always be forever?"" Thank you very much. I'll gladly accept it - however... If anything was to happen to us I hope that you would consider yourself first..."	Which pillow would you prefer? The soft one the hard one or... perhaps you'd like to use my thighs? Hehe~
I never expected this Spring Banquet to take on a life of its own... By the looks of things everyone prefers it when the atmosphere is a bit livelier. Hehe~	You'd like... a red envelope as well? Normally aren't you supposed to be giving out red envelopes to us? Heehee~
During these times it's best to just put aside your work and enjoy the festivities.	Sake...? Hehe since it's a special occasion I wouldn't mind sharing a cup with you~
We're headed for the white sands of the beach today. We all could use a breather every now and then so let's just enjoy the sea breeze today. Hehe~	Did my sand castle capture your interest? This was only possible because of the clement weather after all~
A seaside picnic might not be as lavish as the banquets I usually hold but I am confident in my abilities to throw the best event possible~ Hehe don't worry some girls from the Eagle Union are helping me out.	The seagulls are flying into the distance. I wonder if they're splitting apart or reuniting... Hehe~
Have you been enjoying your time here? Hehe~ If you get thirsty please help yourself to this water.	Isn't this pose... super cool?
All systems go! Ready to sortie at any time.	Be careful. You might get hurt if you get too close!
A mission huh? I'm looking forward to any kind of challenge.	Mail! Eh it's dangerous to throw them around like airplanes? Fine...
Here are the combat logs. Let's start reviewing the battle..	Hey! I'm in pretty great shape!
Victory goes the one who strikes first! Planes take off!	Don't be afraid of gunfire!
Haa! (Her fist stops next to your face) Stay away from me.	Since I am always thinking about combat the other girls keep saying that I'm not feminine at all. So um... that's what I'm trying to improve here.
About acting more feminine... do you think Souryuu is more attractive because of her cold demeanor? Oh and her ankles are amazing. It would be great if I could become like her.	I'm neither gentle like the other girls nor attractive like my sister. The only thing I'm confident about is my combat prowess. Would you still be willing... to accept a girl like me?
Retrofit complete! Aircraft Carrier Hiryuu reporting for duty! Hahaha! I finally got the chance to use that line! I'll be counting on you once more!	I want to become as calm and collected as Souryuu but it's no easy feat...
Ugh... I have to slowly get used to your behavior patterns...	Good work out there. As usual I'll start working on the combat report.
The disciplinary committee wouldn't exist if there weren't bad chicks like me! C'mon let's totally own this school before my sister catches us!	There's a fairy hiding in the library you say? If she's confined to the library all the time do you think she's being bullied...?!
I'm supposed to be a bully but how exactly do you do that...?	Playing hooky? I don't think it's right to abandon your duties as a student. F-fighting? Picking on others is even worse!
How am I supposed to become the bad girl counterpart to rival my sister...? I just don't get it...	My club looks pretty scary right?
I won't be able to face all the girls who look up to me if we don't go greet the commission fleet... This school bully will make an exception and welcome the girls back!	You gonna ask if I wanna go for lunch?
Ah Izumo... I'd like to meet her one day.	I'm slow-witted? Hmph believe it or not I'm a girl with a lot on her mind.
D-didn't I tell you I was lightly armored?!	If we keep earning honors one day even I can become a full-fledged carrier...!
Doesn't matter if it's a pigeon or a plane delivering your mail does it?	Planes up on deck... It's time we all get ready.
I was actually designed with these types of missions in mind...	... Seems my technique's gotten more refined.
In the name of the wings of the sky: take off!	It was all thanks to my little planes.
It's pretty hard to ignore the damage done to my planes...	Planes... take off!
So filthy... What? I'm not talking about you...	Junyou is... I know I'm warning you about my own little sister but she's really dangerous...
My eyepatch? Kinda just started wearing it on a whim. Plenty of people out there who dress like pirates you know?	My opinion of you has improved a little bit. Just a little bit you hear!
I've sent out all my planes. Right now... there's just us two in here.	This package? N-no I didn't buy it from Akashi's nor did I ask my friends for help... I made it myself... So that's it you're only paying attention to my chocolate. But even if I look like this I'm still quite good with housework. Hahaha...
I'm still no good at it but I tried my hand at homemade chocolate. Just don't compare it to anyone else's please. Especially not the other carriers'. Look I know you're not the kind of person to do that but... What I'm trying to say is I'm uncharacteristically nervous!	Why do I have to wait for you here...
Maintenance? Fine as long as you don't do anything weird...	I don't seem very Hawaiian even though my name is Honolulu? Well gee my bad...
I was born with this personality. I don't hate you or anything like that...	Do you just go around touching everyone you see? Do you need anything?
*Sigh*... If you're gonna be this direct then I don't even feel like getting mad at you...	If you have the time to stare at me how about you go finish your remaining missions?
What you don't even want your rewards?	Here mail for you. What? I can at least do something this simple for you...
Good work. What are you not satisfied until I say something mean?	What are you waiting for... A commission's been completed!
I didn't really ask you for this...	All I need to do is get rid of these guys right?
Is that enough for you?	I don't want to go to Mare Island again...
This time things should go well...!	Do I really need to chat with you...? But I guess I don't have anything else to do so I'll keep you company for a while.
I think people are jealous of me because mine are bigger than theirs But personally I wish they were smaller. When they're big you know it's pretty inconvenient...	I don't really have anything going for me outside of my body but you're still being so nice to me... Do you like my body THAT much? Even if you don't it's not like I... No I'll stop myself right there because otherwise you'll just get carried away.
... Didn't I tell you they're not this big just because I wanted them to be? Well if you like them that much... then maybe they're not so bad...	This is really embarrassing so could we just get this over with... Y-you can do whatever you want when it's just the two of us...
I made you Valentine's chocolate... Here. Thanks for everything... Also I really put my heart into making... Ughh... N-never mind what I was saying I made these because I like baking... that's all.	Yeah I made Valentine's chocolate... I followed the same recipe as always so it'll taste good. Although something still feels odd about sitting down just the two of us eating chocolate together... I'm not saying I don't like it it's just... I dunno. Hehe~
Hrmh... You're looking away again... Here I made chocolate for... W-would you look at me please? There's no one else around so don't worry about it... I had to muster a lot of courage to get this far so at least return my effort with eye contact...	If everyone's focusing on the teacher they probably won't stare at me from up front... As for the umbrella it's... I know it makes me stand out but I don't want people to stare at me from behind either...
Y-you want to eat lunch together? Really? I bet you're just teasing me. Or are you... just hoping to get a taste of Helena's cooking?	I made a friend at school. He's brown cuddly and doesn't say a word though...
There's nobody who's like you at school. Nobody who sometimes makes me laugh sometimes makes me cry and sometimes... Gosh what am I saying...	It's small but it's the only umbrella I could find. S-so when 2 people are sharing it... i-it's only natural they'd have to stand so close together...
I-I don't have anything going for me besides my bust anyway...	"Don't say you'll ""see me after school""... O-or else I'll just stay behind..."
*Gasp*! Where the heck is all this water coming from?!	*Sob*... Everyone's going to laugh at me...
You called over Helena?! This is NOT the way I want to make her laugh!	If I get rid of everyone who saw me... then I won't have anything to be embarrassed about!
Today was your unlucky day... because I'm in a REALLY bad mood!	"Special Christmas lingerie""... I never should've listened to Louis! I need to put on this whole costume quick before someone sees me...!"
*Sigh*... Just thinking about that idiot standing behind me with a straight face makes all my motivation go away...	I-I tripped just a moment ago and these ribbons got all tangled up around me... Ahahaha I'm such a klutz... What are the ribbons for...? U-uhh...
That's a wonderful Christmas tree...? T-thanks... Hey hold on don't you have anything else to say?!	My plans for Christmas? Um let's see... Hey hold on why are you asking that with a straight face to someone who's dressed like this?!
Your mail? Oh no... I forgot which box I put it in...	They're staring at me... They're staring at me...!
I'll say this now: I don't like festivals in any... Ah you know what never mind! Just come with me okay?!	Wh-what are you staring at me for... Is it weird to have fun at a festival now...?
Y-you saw how flustered I was just now didn't you... I don't hate you or anything like that you know...	Don't make excuses... I know you did that on purpose...!
Do you want this...? Here take it...	Let's get this over with quick I wanna go back to the festival...!
After all that trouble putting this on... This sucks...	"*Sigh* why can't I ever keep my composure in front of you... ""What am I murmuring about""...? N-nothing! I didn't say a word...! Dummy...!"
Feel free to admire the glory of the Royal Navy to your heart's content.	This word is... ah so I read it wrong. Sorry my eyes fail me.
Appropriate contact is indeed essential. Shall we dance?	With glory comes rewards. Please do not forget about the latter.
Having completed numerous commissions is a sign of glory. May I suggest rewarding those girls?	Your efforts will definitely be rewarded.
May glory be with us today.	The warm sun and the cool breeze: a brilliant victory.
Victory and defeat are commonplace among those who fight and it is we that have all the time in the world!	Elegance is not just for show.
Even I am slightly angered.	*Sigh* Seems like you must learn it the hard way.
Hm? I'm too close? A lady must be elegant but they must also seize the initiative towards the targets of their own affection.	Aha look how nervous you are. You can't convey your feelings to a lady when you're this nervous. However your feelings have definitely reached my heart... I would happily oblige.
If the smooth path only allows one person to travel at a time then I'll gladly walk the path not taken with you hand-in-hand.	There's no need to be in such a rush... I'll always be by your side.
What a feast for sore eyes. I feel great~! Vacations really should be at the beach! Let's show Sara your beach ball Cygnet!	My brilliance is like that of the sun? I'm in a good mood so I'll accept this praise of yours.
So me and the other girls are going to play beach volleyball The player on my team that scores the least will be subjected to a small punishment game.	I can see the whole harbor from the mountain top this is the best place to watch fireworks.
To be elegant at all times is the mannerism befitting of a lady.	Thank you for inviting me on this wonderful trip. Now that I have donned this beautiful outfit shall we partake of a Sakura Empire tea party– leisurely and elegantly?
You can have some of the maid team's black tea if you'd like but why not try some of the Sakura Empire's green tea today?	Rose patterns as well as our Royal Navy's motifs... How splendid this is! I must express my gratitude to those who dyed this kimono.
Add hot water to the matcha and stir gently with this bamboo whisk– The Sakura Empire has a truly profound way of appreciating tea...	A gentle breeze a soothing fragrance– An elegant victory indeed.
The gentle sunlight and a refreshing breeze – today is a fine day to venture outside.	Watch out for the stairs? Indeed I'll do just that. Thank you for remembering that my eyesight can be troublesome.
If you don't have a destination in mind why not simply enjoy the scenery all around us? For example... the roses in full bloom in this garden.	I can see that Bismarck is finally learning to shed the burdens placed upon her shoulders. Hehe don't you think she should be more true to her feelings?
Wanna hear about my older sisters? Hmmhmm now which of them are you smitten by?	Northampton? Well she's a bit rigid but she's not a bad girl~
I am confident in my own self!	Even I can get embarassed...
Hahaha the mission rewards are here!	Yeah! Now I'm feeling really great!
Relax. I have fast hands!	Ahahaha! That felt good!
Let's finish this in a jiffy!	I can't fall here!
Northampton where are you~? (Hornet doesn't seem to notice you)	Eat well sleep well play well! Those are my goals~
I'm a twintailed blonde but not a tsundere? Well sorry about that! That's because I Hornet am not a stereotypocal woman!	Enty and the rest've already had their turn. I wanna give you my Valentine's chocolate too – both so you have something to look back on and as a reward to myself. 'Cause I'm giving you something unique something you can't make draw comparisons to my sisters over: my love. Here you go.
I grow with each passing year and so do these feelings inside me. You know what I'm talking about – and what this chocolate represents don'tcha? It's something only I can give you – something no one else can do better!	"It's a party you gotta eat a lot! What if you eat too much? ""No problem just work out and sweat it off later!"" How's my Enty impression?"
So I have to dress up like this for the party? Aren't you worried I'm gonna be a fish out of water in there?	I'm not expecting anyone to call me the belle of the ball tonight. Not while everyone else is dressed up all pretty-like. What? You think I give up too easily?
Is this dress gonna make you fall in love with me all over again? Ahahaha!	Turns out I'm pretty different from my sisters huh...?
Check me out!	If you can't decide what to order get a bit of everything! Just kiddin'~
Want something to drink? Cola? Or maybe some oolong tea? What'll it be?	That Zuikaku only ordering boneless wings... Eh? Bring the green chili sauce? ...Ah! Not a bad idea...!
"Hey say ""ahh""~ Just kidding ahaha~"	W-wait... Whah?!
Here have some cola! I helped myself to a few bottles from Georgia's stash~ She's got plenty she won't even notice they're gone!	You're gonna regret looking down on Hornet big time!
Shall I come cheer for you myself? Ahaha don't worry I know you can do just fine even without my support!	You've been ogling me all day~ Have ya fallen in love with me all over again? Look I'm gonna make this simple for you. You got two choices Yes or Yes?
Come on~! Let's go! White eagle Enty~ and Essex too! Do your best! Make sure you go get'em~!!!	You don't have to force yourself to compete you know? You're more like a coach than a player today... Well that's not quite it. Maybe something more like the shipgirls' guardian?
Have a round of applause for your gracious return! You were really really cool out there~	I'll go greet the commission team before heading over to the next match to cheer. Leave it to me!
I can't keep relying on Enty to get things done!	Just watch I won't stay down for long!
I'm not very skilled in real combat... but I shall not betray your expectations!	It's time for a feast!
Looks like I can't afford to take it easy just yet.	I look a bit like a courtesan? Hehe~ Well then mister it seems like tonight shall be our one and only night together. Let us feel the warmth of our embrace then let the memories fade to nothing. How does that sound?
My dream is to one day settle down with the person I love and open a small bar somewhere... Now it doesn't seem like my dream is so distant anymore. Right my dear?	No shipgirls struggling to find chocolate ingredients this year. The preparations for the banquet are in order. Heehee that makes it worth all the work I put in ahead of time. Now I have chocolate for you. It is wonderful that you I and all the others can enjoy this day with smiles on our faces.
While everyone slips into sweet dreams from the night's festivities the sound of gossamer sliding off of smooth skin reaches your ears... Hehe would you like to spend this night under the stars with me Master~?	At least for tonight I wish you and I to pursue the happiness of being together...
Master what do you think of your Tanabata present? Are~ you~ satisfied~?	Hehe... Master if your heart races then it's my victory~
The ephemeral autumn is but a fleeting dream	Ah my brain's stopped working...
Co~man~der~! You've still got some unfinished missions!	Don't forget to claim your rewards!
Hehe~ Fighting's what a soldier does right!	Tadah! Another day another energy-packed departure!
Yaaay! C'mon praise me!	Ooow... My head's spinning... I think I bumped into something even harder than me...
Houston in perfect condition!	Oh no our score is falling behind...
If you accept this you'll have to play with me all day today! Here you go! Now let go of my hand eat it real quick then let's head out somewhere!	Hey how about we take a trip to a chocolate factory? Then we can hang out all day and I can even make you deluxe chocolate with the professional equipment they've got there! C'moooon I wanna get moving now!
How nice to see you. Now let's get to work on today's tasks.	To your friends show no cowardice; to your foes show no mercy – that is my creed. Hehehe~
Wales and York are lovely ladies. At times however I struggle to keep up with their thought processes.	George has always been good to me. She often treats me to a cookie or two... But I wish she'd stop treating me like I'm still a child.
If you have a hard time making friends with an eccentric person my advice is this: bake some cookies and offer to share with them.	Do save the massage for later. I'm not tired yet.
Umm... What are you doing?	Hm...?
Oh missions? Are there any I can help with?	A mission's done. I can take care of claiming the rewards no problem.
We've received what looks to be mail addressed to you.	Nicely done out there. If you've got the energy to spare perhaps you could write an after-battle report?
Do you need someone to escort the commission team home? I'm quite the experienced escort I'll have you know.	Heheh there'll be no mercy for you!
Heheh I'm in top shape today!	Next time... victory will be ours.
My aim shall not waver!	I can't... falter now!
A kind deed to others is a kind deed to yourself – or so I was naive enough to believe...	"Shape the world into God's vision"" – if there is a God what is his ideal world? It can't be one of perpetual war that's for sure."
Pardon for making you wait love. I've baked you chocolate cookies.  If you can't finish them all free to give the remainder away. The whole world could use a cookie after all!	That is the shared cookie box for everyone to take from. This on the other hand is your own box of special chocolate-chip cookies From deepening your friendships with people to more romantic moments like this any occasion is improved with a cookie~
I make cookies not because I'm bad at chocolate or don't want to give you chocolate but because I think cookies are better for communicating my special feelings. Mm but I also make them for not-so-special feelings... Huh.	Welcome back. Can I keep you company until the night arrives love?
My sisters can be rather headstrong at times. If they give you any trouble you can turn to me love.	It seems my cookies were adored but my performance failed to garner any reactions...
You'd like a massage? It would be my pleasure.	I can see why you'd do that. Hehehe~
Splendid work love. Have a cookie and get some rest then we'll start on the after-battle report.	Hehehe let's plan for our next date love. Speaking of which I've heard of a place with famously delicious cookies. How does that sound?
Glad you could make it love. Now as for our plan today... Oh should I not have made a plan ahead of time?	Is this the place with the famously delicious cookies? Could we order some right away? I must taste them for myself!
Peckish are you? Then you can have this cookie George gave me.	This dress is quite comfortable actually. It's no trouble for me to walk a little longer.
Have a seat if you need to rest love.	Hm? Is there something on my dress?
Well done on that sortie. Let's proceed with our plan shall we?	I hope misfortune befalls you.
"Please Master save meee."" ...Ugh I can't get into the role. What sort of tone should I be aiming for love?"	"Masteeer please untie meeee""... Hmm..."
Oh who will come to my rescue? George? Or perhaps... you love?	Goodness... These cookie props are so enticing they're distracting me...
"How do you think Belfast would respond if I walked up to her and said ""I'm joining the Royal Maids starting today""?"	Memorising my lines is simple enough. Reciting them is another matter though... How does Wales do it so effortlessly?
I'll bake you your favourite pastry later love.	...Master?
Splendid work. I would offer you a treat but as you can see my hands are tied...	Swift and graceful I advance!
"I'm curious what the Royal Maids mean when they say they ""service"" you... Heheh. Would you mind enlightening me after this rehearsal love?"	What you think my dress is ludicrously posh? It should be considering what an important day this is... What about it is so important you ask? Hm... That is an excellent question.
Monarch has me a tad bit concerned... Ah no she fits in just fine I just wonder if she likes the food on offer.	All these foreign dresses have me mesmerised. I'd love to try some on for myself someday.
I don't want to stand out TOO much – you're the star of the show tonight after all.	I can't walk all that fast in this outfit so be a sweetheart and escort me.
Please mind your manners...	Welcome back love. Go on and take a minute to rest. Let me know if you'd like to order anything.
The commission team is back. Heehee I suppose we have to wait with the champagne for a bit.	A Royal Knight is not to be trifled with!
That is what I call an elegant victory. Phew... This will hopefully put George at ease.	I don't dislike Hardy. It's just that she tends to be annoying when she's around.
This isn't a hunting rifle. It's a torpedo tube.	What's the bounty this time...?
What? You want me to sound the horn of victory...?	Here's your mail. Is there any information on what we should hunt next?
You can never be too prepared.	Hm I guess I'll go for some bigger prey next time...
...I won't let you get away.	It's easy as long as I think of the enemy as my prey...
The hunter can become the hunted at any point...	You'll only suffer more the more you struggle.
The prey this time... is pretty tough...	...... (Hunter's companion barks at you)
Is there... a hunting ground around here?	There is no prey a hunter cannot take down. Any failure should be attributed to a lack of sufficient preparation.
"A hunter should always stalk his prey but... having a base... no a ""home""... doesn't sound bad at all."	That reminds me a while ago I raised my hand to try to join one of the Eagle Union girls' parties but they all looked at me like I was crazy... Is there anything wrong with that?
"Be courteous to others so that they will listen to you respectfully. As for those unwilling to give you that respect there are always more ""direct"" methods you can employ~"	Mapo tofu? There are hundreds of ways of preparing tofu and there's no rule saying it has to be spicy. Besides I'm not great with spicy food...
Meh don't sweat it. Even if I slack off right now nobody's gonna find out.	So basically I'm allowed to exercise self-defense now right?
Mission complete. So does that mean I can shoot the breeze for a while?	The friends from the commission fleet are back. Wanna throw a little party for them?
In other words we can go all-out now right?	"Heh. The character ""Jah"" in my name symbolizes number one. Quite apropos if I must say so myself."
I'll remember this humiliation... and pay it back twofold!	If you won't listen to reason then you can talk to my fist!
Ugh I let my guard down...	No matter what happens life must continue on. Just let it go...
Thwap. ...Oh I didn't need anything from you. I just felt like giving you a good smack over the head with a fan for no reason. Heehee no harm no foul right?	So I was thinking... If you aren't busy how about we head out and have some fun with our friends~
By any chance were you flirting with other girls while you were out? ...Heehee I was just messing with you. I wanted to see how you'd react that's all~	You're back? Let's go find our other friends and see if they're up to anything interesting.
Hmm? You think this outfit's a bit too revealing? Weird. I thought it's pretty in line with what everyone else is wearing... Besides what's wrong with standing out a little?	The mandarin duck hotpot as its name implies is a special hotpot for couples... Just kidding. Actually this partition is just to accommodate people's different tastes.
Hmm? Hai Tien made an incredibly spicy baozi? I sure hope she marked it properly...	The jiangshi in the movies all hop around due to the whole rigor mortis thing. So it's kinda like this... hip hop. Err umm... this feels a little inappropriate.
I'm not actually dead y'know so I can't just make my hands turn ice-cold.	You're gonna be cursed if you remove the seal...
Phew... Wouldn't you agree that it's better to train from dusk until dawn instead of from dawn to dusk?	Ise please clean your room every now and then...
It sure would be nice to meet Hatsushimo here.	Though the Age of Aviation has come it still isn't the Age of Aviation Battleships.
A veteran swordsman should be able to detect her opponent's energy before they get too close... I still have a long way to go...	Is this your stuff? Make sure to keep it in a safe place next time.
Done with warmups? Alright...	Mmm well done!
Now my main gun sounds even better when it fires!	Speak your name! I'm not going to cut down some nameless rat!
Phew... Let's work a bit harder!	Ise... Sister...
Twelve main guns... FIRE!!	B-big sis... do you have to cling to me every time you drink?
Neither Ise nor I have any problems with exploding turrets.	You should keep this kind of thing in your mind only... Seriously... how will people look at me if I wear this... Hehe... hehe... hehe!
I've noticed you end up at a lot of drinking parties so let's at least go easy on your liver on Valentine's Day. Not saying there'll be no drinking today just that this chocolate will be a little more on the healthy side... Huh? Have dinner together? Well sure I don't see why not...	Hey please help me out with my training today!
Though battleships have seen better times I will not give up!	Ise's still behaving like she always has... *Sigh*...
It takes a lot of skill to use planes right... I oughta ask for tips from someone with experience.	*Gasp*...! I couldn't sense your presence until you touched me.
Prepared to pay for what you just did? You don't stand the shadow of a chance against me.	Artillery training and aviation training... Guess that's the whole package.
Main guns: ready! Fire at will!	There's only so many things a regular submarine can do. To turn the war around we need more wings in the air.
The sea is the color of the sky. And the sky is the same color as me!	There's the Type 97 and Type 99 the Suisei Tenzan Ryuusei Saiun and of course my Seiran. I know everything there is to know about aircraft!
I'm okay with lending you my Seiran but it's veeeeery expensive! Break it and I'll be really angry okay?	Don't make me pepper you with my Seiran's machine guns.
Maybe I can fit a few more Seirans once I get stronger?	Let's give it our best shot.
This victory will be a great help to our other fleets.	It's not good enough to be an ordinary submarine...
Here it comes... Everything I'm capable of!	I guess this is all a submarine can do...
You think I'm weird do you? Heheh maybe I am... Just remember: there are only so many things a regular submarine can do. That's something I learned during my short time in service.	It's Valentine's so I've got two gifts for you: chocolate and an airplane encyclopedia. Read through it while enjoying the chocolates... You can enjoy both of course but you know what I mean.
You've already gotten an airplane from me before but this time you're getting one made of chocolate. I based it off a number of different models of propeller and jet aircraft. Isn't it cute? Maybe I should've made this part bluer though... Do you mind if I fix that right now?	You're very late! ... A submarine such as myself is extremely patient but that doesn't mean you can keep me waiting for this long...
You want something from me don't you? ... Well even if you don't...	I'm tired... I like it better in the ocean...
Hammann? If she wants to berate me then she can go ahead and try! I'll turn the tables on her!	Don't touch me for no reason! ... It's a massage? O-okay... Continue...
Eeek?! W-what do you want?!	W-what the hell?!
A mission...? Hmph! I'll show you how it's done! Now listen veeery carefully	You've done well! Here's your reward.
A letter for you. Do check it later! ... I wonder if there are any for me...	Nicely done. Now sit down and relax.
Marvelous work everybody! ... Wonder if they found any rare stuff...	All right! I've become even stronger!
Let's go! We're hunting big game!	I DID IT! You see that? Did you see it?!
Sink for me!	I hate scum like you. Don't come near me ever again.
Hmph! Doubt me all you want but I'm THE Sakura Empire submarine that sank an important carrier. Now get on your knees and worship me.	Tooru! I told you to quit tickling me with your Type A! ... Wait a sec you're not Tooru!
Ever since I sank Yorktown in the war I've been getting occasional angry glances from Hammann... B-but aren't we all friends now? I mean hey even Yorktown herself says she's let go of it!	Hmph! If you prefer girls who are honest about their feelings why not hook up with someone more honest than me? ... WHAT?! Hammann is NOT more honest with her feelings than me!
F-finally you decided to open up to me... You did right to choose me... Ehehe... W-what's that mean?! YOU'RE the one not being honest here!	1 2 3... Hmph! This is the 11th month so I'll give you some chocolate! In return it's your duty to give me some chocolate next month! Got it?
You're late! But that's fine I'll always be ahead of the pack on Valentine's Day anyway! I'm expecting something back from you next month on White Day after I went through all this effort and even waited for you!	I look different from usual? That's obvious isn't it... All right all right I was just giving you a hard time. We're at a festival so we might as well enjoy ourselves!
Fried squid! Dango! Candied apples! Om nom nom... *Cough cough*! N-need water...!	I just love festivals! You have my permission to take a break today ... It's the other way around?
G-going around town every now and then isn't so bad I guess...	Hammann can't tie her yukata's sash on her own either... W-what's so funny?! Hardly anyone can tie that thing on their own!
I'm in a good mood so I'll sink you with just a single shot!	W-woohoo?
Did you want to see me? Hehehe~ That makes me super happy~	I made hot tea for you! I'm so great aren't I?
I went through your paperwork! Hehehe~ Maybe you could pat me on the head as a reward~	*Giggle*... What are you looking at~?
Do you want me to help you relax?	Hehehe~ I don't mind at all as long as you praise me~
A mission? I can help! I'll give it 100%~	Your mail? I already brought it here! See? Aren't I smart~?
Nice work~ Maybe I should give you a massage... Mmh how is it? Am I good? Hehehe~	Are you gonna welcome back the commission team? I wanna go with you! Surely I can come along?
You can praise me more~	I'll give it my best shot~
I'll work super duuuuper hard~!	I-it'll take more than this to scare me!
It's all because I'm not trying hard enough isn't it...	Enemies? I won't let any get away~ I'll beat the heck outta each and every one of 'em!
Would you like... a massage? A shoulder rub? Or maybe you want to use my thighs as a pillow? Hehehe~	Do you think I'm cute? ... Hehehe~ C'mon say it one more time~
I can't be without you anymore... You can't be without me either right? Say it c'mon~ Hehehe~	From now on you'll always be mine~ I wanna hear your praise and I wanna make lots and lots of dear memories with you~
I've been working really hard to make you Valentine's chocolate again~ Hehe how do you like it? Did it make you happy? Hehe I love watching you eat it like it's so tasty~ Let me see you eat some more~	So how does my chocolate taste this year? The more you praise me the more delicious it gets right? It'll be even better next year and the year after that as long as you keep praising me! C'mon keep praising me~
I should make some friends? But I don't need any~! You're the only person I need!	Eek! The wind nearly... Hmm? Were you trying to sneak a peek~?
Hehehe~ Do you wanna walk to and from school with me?	No touching until everyone else has gone home...
Mail? I hope it's not an angry letter from some teacher...	Zzz... I want to keep sleeping...
Sleeping while cuddling Mr. Torpedo is the best~ Ehehe~	A red one a yellow one a green one... there are sooo many pillows~
Zzz... Don't take Mr. Torpedo away...	Geez I'm not a body pillow...
Don't you think I'm way more cuddlable than Mr. Torpedo? Ehehe~	Missions? Sure after I wake up~
Are you my new pillow? Zzz...	Mr. Torpedo the Commader's back... Zzz...
I thought I'd try on this bunny costume! Hehehe do you like it? If you think it's cute I wanna hear you say it~	I'm here to serve you for the whole day! Just tell me if there's anything you want me to do~
Does this outfit excite you? Hehehe~ You can stare all you want you know~	Here! A glass of hot milk for you! Aren't I super duper great?
Hmm there's a lot of girls dressed like bunnies right now... I'll try to be your most favorite one!	It feels a little weird doing this in a bunny outfit...
Where I'm from we always offer our respects for the food in front of us before each meal. It's a custom that helps us be at ease.	I hope my sister hasn't been causing too much trouble for you. She's a little ball of energy... there's no way I can keep up with her...
These are the fruits of everyone's efforts. Make sure to receive them with pride.	Everyone in the commission fleet has returned safely. Hmm... should I reward them with some homemade chocolate?
Sometimes you've got to stand out!	Heehee from now on just leave it to me~
Is everyone safe?	Now's our time to attack!
Now this is a bit of a sticky situation...	Though I am very sorry that it has come to this I must once again remind you that your poor work ethic has already affected the fleet.
D-deep sea fish attack! Umm uh... that's not how it works...? I don't seem to be very good at this...	Which subjects am I good at? I'd say I'm pretty decent at all of them. Ehehe I did say you can leave everything to me.
This might sound strange coming from me but forest fires are a very serious matter. There will be dire consequences if you don't take that to heart. Just ask the girls of the Eagle Union.	There's nothing wrong with I-19 right... The next time I-26 calls everyone to play I'll go check on her.
Haah... as long as you're by my side I feel safe and sound.	Thank you everyone for preparing all this Spring Festival food. Right time to dig in... Ah um is it okay to start eating?
The Manjuus and Meowfficers are also busy preparing for the Spring Festival... Thanks for all the hard work~	If it's going to take a while to make your rounds go get my sister instead... Actually wait can I come with you?
M-my sister's going to get jealous...	Please... rub my ears as well...
Haah... haah... Here this is for you~ I let the wine get to my head a little. Hehe~	I need to be a bit more graceful... both in celebration and in combat...!
Tans are a sign of good health! So why not come with me and sunbathe a bit?	"What's up with my ears""? Hm? Do you wanna feel them?"
Sorting paperwork... Ugh so boring... Hey why don't we play beach volleyball instead?	Hm? Need any help doing your warm-ups?
What are you fantasizing about? C'mon tell me~ Hehehe~	A new mission's arrived! Phew this'll be a good chance to move around a bit!
When I see those ships coming in with our rewards my heart shakes with the impulse to sink them... Just kidding~! I'd never do that! Hahaha let's check out what we got!	What about your mail? It was past the deadline so I disposed of it... Juuust kidding! Here you go read it~
A commission's done! Put me on the team for the next one! Disrupting trade is what I do best! Hehehe~	I wish someone would enhance my figure too...
Who might be our lucky girl today~?	Surprise attack: executed flawlessly!
Oh shoot... I messed up...	Fooound you!
Ahaha... This might be bad...	Commence dive! Target spotted! Fire torpedoes! Kaboooom! See? It's pretty easy! Why don't you give it a try too?
I wonder when you'll notice that... um... that... your suit has a button loose! What were you expecting me to say? Hehehe~	Hey let me borrow your shoulders... Jumpity! Hehehe~ Light as a feather right? Bring me to the office if you will!
I was wondering when this day would come but I never would've thought it'd be today... I feel so happy that I could swim 100 laps around the port! Yeah! In fact let's go swimming right now together!	I wanted to feel you by my side while I was making chocolate so I decided to make something that looks just like you! Whaddya think? Looks pretty accurate doesn't it? Ehehe~
School's just boring compared to the ocean... Like there's tons of undiscovered fish species and monsters down at the bottom of the ocean! I wish I could see how they look~	Big fish eat regular fish. Regular fish eat small fish. Hang on... what do small fish eat again...?
If you were an anglerfish you could work late at night without having to turn on the lights!	It's not easy to swim without a swimsuit~ Baww...
You should give this anglerfish plushie a hug! It's really soft and cuddly!	Haven't I told you I'm not a fish?!
We've finally got recess and yet you still go on sorties... Great work~!	It's fine to take a nap if you'd like. I'll wake you up before the fireworks start.
*gasp*! Oh no... I spaced out while tallying the mission rewards...	Make sure to go through your mail carefully...
Today's sortie... went well then?	What's the commission of the composition team... Umm I mean the composition of the...
Um... th-thanks...	They didn't find me right...?
Next time... I hope I don't get MVP...	Time to slink away quietly...
Y-you leave me no choice...!	L-Looks like I've drawn too much attention...
Leave... Leave me alone...	If you don't want to get caught up in bothersome things it's probably better to be like thin air and not stand out...
Everyone in the fleet gets along so well... Ehe... hehehe... Um it's nothing... l-leave me alone...	From time to time my thoughts slip out when I'm muttering to myself... D-don't read too much into it...
It's really amazing to see everyone helping each other make chocolate like that... B- but I would only get in the way and mess things up if I tried to join in...	Hope this is g-good enough... Hmm... Don't get me wrong I'm really glad you accept my Valentine's chocolate but... I dunno I just wish I could see how you and I look from an outsider's perspective...
It's a bittersweet feeling watching others make chocolate from the sidelines and talking about romance... But bittersweet is good. Of course I'm happy to give you chocolate but I think I also enjoy seeing how other people spend their Valentine's Day.	School... is pretty nice. I can quietly stay in this corner and mind my own business...
At school you can see a completely different side of people. It can be pretty interesting...	I've received invitations from several clubs before... but I still prefer to watch others from a distance.
I hope this doesn't get in the way of my school attendance...	I love the serenity of the night. Nobody ever notices my presence.
It's not like I'll die if I'm taken out of the ocean but I definitely prefer being in it. *blub blub*	There are a lot of miraculous things in the ocean. Want to go on a dive with me and experience it for yourself?
I mean... I'll admit they're on the small side... but that makes it more hydrodynamic!	New missions? Is there something that I can do?
These mission rewards... there's nothing that can be brought underwater...	Mhm my body feels lighter.
I'll let the rest of you handle the anti-sub.	Is that all you surface-lubbers are made of?
I've been found huh... Next time I've got to be sneakier...	Can you predict where I'm going to attack from?
Seems that I'm being targeted...	Does this fleet exist only to wage war...?
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step?"" Hmm... I suppose I can start by saying hello to her..."	I modeled this chocolate after my favorite seashell from my collection. Isn't it fascinating how shells take on totally different shapes through evolution from simple shapes to long spirals? Anyway it might look a bit odd but it should taste good.
Here's your yearly chocolate. By the way... are you free? I wanted to show you the ocean floor so I found some places where you could go with lots of shells. If it's not a bother we could go right now...?	Milord you must be tired.
Milord w-welcome... I wasn't able to prepare much for your arrival... but would you like some tea?	Spending time alone with Milord... somehow... makes my heart pound...
Milord if you have no further orders for me may I go over there to meditate?	In order to hone my swordsmanship I practice my strokes a thousand times every day... Don't worry Milord I already finished while you were gone.
You'd like me to put on a show? S-Sorry... in front of other people... I can't...	Clear the mind and purify the six roots... Eek! Mi Milord...
We seem to have new missions. Would you like Ibuki to accompany you?	Milord there's a big pile of stuff over there... Um are those the rewards then?
Milord your mail... Huh? You'd like me to read it? B-but that's embarrassing...	Milord if you are ever injured please allow Ibuki to treat you with this mugwort liniment. There's still a lot left.
Milord the comm... Um whatever these are called. Yes they're done now.	Is this... the sensation of getting stronger? Thank you!
The battlefield is callous... Ibuki advancing!	My skills are but party tricks unworthy of such praise.
Ugh... I must increase my training multifold.	The pinnacle of Ibuki... resides in this single strike!
A fight with our backs to the wall? ... Exactly what I wanted!	Had I known I would have to serve a person like you I never would have manifested during this era...
I would also enjoy a life of sitting atop the mountains watching the clouds pass through the sky. But my current life here isn't so bad either.	I'm cool you say...? If anything I am somewhat jealous of how everyone can always have a smile on their faces... In contrast I simply do not know how to express my emotions...
After spending a lot of time with everyone else I've experienced firsthand how difficult it can be to express my emotions clearly... such as joy... and love...	The mugwort on Mount Ibuki is said to symbolize love that burns quietly... F-For example right now Milord... can you feel Ibuki's heart?
I never knew that having my feelings be reciprocated could be so overwhelmingly joyful... Milord p-please don't look at me... I'm so happy that... my face must look strange...	Through study I have come to acquire not only experience and techniques but I feel I have also accumulated feelings toward Milord. I want to thank Milord and make Milord happy in all ways forever Milord please accept these feelings of mine!
Milord I heard that there were two types of Valentine's chocolates—obligatory ones and romantic ones. I'm so very now As a ship and your subordinate I understand that i ought to give you obligatory chocolate but i also want to be your number one priority and express my romantic feelings to you Milord what course of action should I take?	If you would come this way Milord. Here we will surely be able to experience the elegant fragrance of a new spring from atop this vantage point... Here should you be feeling fatigued please fill your stomach with some of Ibuki's handmade chocolate... Y-you'd feel bad eating it...?
I've been training nonstop in order to create a chocolate that symbolizes my duty as a shipgirl my desire to be Milord's favorite and my genuine feelings toward you...! M-milord is this chocolate enough to make me your number one...?	Milord it's starting to snow... If it suits you please take shelter under Ibuki's umbrella.
Milord shall we go outside together?	I'll have to thank Houshou for this lovely kimono...
Achoo! ...I'm cute when I sneeze? D- don't make fun of me...	This is... real snow... beautiful...
Aren't there some big festivals in the wintertime? I guess you could say... I'm a little interested... only a little!	Is there someplace you'd like to go Milord? Of course I'll accompany you.
Um Milord your hands are cold...	The snow is coming down outside... Milord let me get an extra sweater for you.
The winter in my timeless slumber was silent and cold. But here at Milord's side I feel only warmth... Milord would you... take my hand?	This is my first time wearing Western clothes... Um Milord! Does this outfit... suit Ibuki well...?
"I am unsure how I should conduct myself at a ""banquet..."" Milord may I just follow you?"	These foreign beverages and teas have quite a distinctive flavor...
There are so many things at this banquet that I simply do not understand... Ah please don't get the wrong idea... I merely realized that there is much for me to learn still.	Actually it was Miss Seattle who invited me here... She's quite a charismatic person.
Though I prefer my outings to be a bit more... introspective I don't mind the camaraderie and joyfulness here.	Milord it feels nice when the wind gently strokes my cheeks.
D-do these clothes not suit me after all?	Milord please try this cake. It's fluffy sweet and delicious.
"The Dragon Empery's ""Spring Festival"" is... filled with fun liveliness and pure jubilation. I can feel my true feelings welling up... Maybe an environment like this would suit me pretty well..."	The warm glow of the lanterns and the vivid red decorations... it's all so beautiful...
Hmm I'm a lot more outgoing than usual? Maybe the festive atmosphere is rubbing off on me. Milord do you think... I'm acting strange...?	Milord Ibuki will be performing a sword dance at the Spring Festival banquet tonight... Um it's my first time performing in front of everyone so I'm a bit nervous...
Milord Miss Akashi seems to be selling firecrackers. I heard they are a bit like fireworks... Huh? They are firecrackers right?	"Around this time the cold begins to recede. Soon spring shall arrive... I see so this is why people hang ""fai chun"" on the walls..."
"I'm glad you've returned Milord. I've changed my attire in order to better carry out your order–for us to ""relax together."" Now then... could you please instruct me on how to proceed?"	*Yaaawn*... Milord please relax and make yourself at home.
Milord is the tea I prepared to your liking?	Milord I shall now continue my meditation... Oh y-you'd like to talk to me?
Milord could you please arrange some work for me? I'm... feeling a little fidgety...	Milord what would you have me do...?
Milord?! H-have I done something to displease you...?	Milord...?
Milord you have new mail. Um... Shall I read it aloud for you?	Milord I'll protect you!
"Milord I've prepared your tea. Phew... Even though we're spending all this time together doing nothing I... still feel fulfilled. Mm this overflowing emotion... Milord is this what ""love"" is...?"	I guess destroyers really have their limits... If only I had bigger guns or torpedoes... Oh I was just talking to myself. Please don't mind me!
Was there something you wanted me to do?	I-I'm not sure if we should be doing this...
Hehehe. You know this feels kind of nice.	There's a new mission. Let's do our best!
The mission's been completed! How wonderful!	I've finished sorting out the new mail! Should I bring it over?
Alright...! Let's go all-out!	If only I could have shot another volley of torpedoes...
Loading complete... Let's go!	My torpedoes still aren't ready... I can hold out for a bit longer...!
Mm... The more I stay by your side the more I want to do your work in your stead... Do you think I'm getting a bit too attached to you...?	Just as I've become unable to part with you have you come to feel the same way about me? I'm so happy! From now on I'll be sure... to ask you for lots of things
"(You received Icarus' Valentine's present right as you finished the day's work. You opened the box and saw a heap of chocolate and a handwritten note. It reads: ""Great job today. I've memorised your schedule down to the second so I'll come over later with some tea. Until then take your time and enjoy yourself."")"	Whenever I play hide-and-seek I usually find everyone intuitively... Perhaps I'm better at it than I thought?
I'm right over here~ Please let me know if you need anything!	If you're g-going to do something like this shouldn't we go elsewhere...?
"You who are like the sun..."" No that's not quite it. If I were to say what you are really like... Maybe a space heater? Warm to be around without the danger of being burned... Look even if I'm sticking to you this closely I'm still not burned! Hehe~"	This is a special exercise for our on-site medical facilities! Well that's what they said anyway but isn't this kind of weird...? I feel like I'd rather be taking care of others not the other way around...
I've already prepared your changes of clothing and daily necessities in advance. Make sure you don't neglect your health while I'm away participating in this exercise alright?	Looking out the window of this hospital room at the scenery is making me oddly emotional...
These bandages and this IV are just here for practice. They're not the real deal you know?	It's hard to move around properly in this... I'm sure there will be an impact on my firepower too...
I wonder if... I should just let the Royal Maids clean your room instead...	The manjuus and I are all ready to go! You can start taking pictures whenever you're ready.
No matter how many times I see it it never gets old... It's simply amazing that we're able to create amazing sets like this at the Port.	So this is what the submarine girls see while they battle... Hehe the scenery down here is amazing.
This swimsuit fits me nice and tight. It's so easy to move around in it!	Comparing me to the Royal Maids is like comparing night and day. There's no way I'd be able to measure up to true professionals.
Is this... also part of the duties of a maid?	"I see! You just ""logged in"" didn't you? Human language sure is profound..."
If you bow deep and beg for it I'll make your wishes basically come true! ... It didn't work? Um well... that's because you haven't wished hard enough yet!	"I see! So Inazuma-chan landed the ""First Strike"" in the World War!"
"I see! This is one of those ordinary ""greeting"" things right?"	Uh umm... is this what I think it is? I know full well the meaning of w-what you did! I-I see...
You haven't finished the mission? ... That sounds about as bad as not finishing your job.	I see! This is that... thingy! The thing you need to bring with you to be let into that one chocolate factory!
Times like these call for fine wine and good food! Hard work shouldn't go unnoticed and all that! Hm? Where do we get it from? From the dorm! There's plenty of it there!	"If you let a completed commission just sit there does it gain any ""interest""?"
"I'd rather have my ""ratings""""likes""and ""gimme"" stats enhanced instead!"	I see! So all we need to do is press that auto button in the top left and we'll be fine!
"I see! Now this is what you should expect of someone as ""prestigious"" as me! Er or was it ""pretentious""...?"	I see...! Times like these you should P2GSOE2PTG4U! Pay to get someone else to play the game for you! Or you can just let me handle it instead!
I see! This means that if I just let myself get washed away by the ocean then I can come back home...	It's my birthday tomorrow. Have you gotten a gift for me yet? You didn't know it was my birthday? Ah well... see that pendant over there? Buy it and give it to someone you like I'm sure they'll be delighted!
"I see! This thing making my heart race is called ""love""! Alright I understand. That means...! W-wha...? I feel so lightheaded... It feels like the world's spinning around me... Is this ""love"" too?"	"I see I see! So this is what you call a ""route split"" then! By making this difficult decision you've raised the Ikazuchi flag! Since you chose me I'll give you my handmade chocolate. Good luck with my route!"
It smells so so good Ikazuchi just can't take it anymore and wants to have a bite.	That being the case! What would Ikazuchi be like in another world then?
"We thought Akatsuki had gotten lost again but Hibiki seems to have bumped into her. I see I see so that's what we call a ""random encounter!"	How am I supposed to fly with only one wing? ...Well even if I had two it probably still wouldn't work out!
Could you help me pick up that handkerchief...? I'd lose my balance if I try to pick it up myself...	Have you seen where did I put my planes? Oh? Right in front of me? Sorry something blocked my line of sight.
Feeling tired? Relax for a while. How about a massage?	The light shall disperses the fog of darkness. Oh? The girls are back!
This way we can radiate our brilliance even further.	Why cause unnecessary conflict?
The light shines upon our land of triumph.	Let's retreat lest I lose my life...
Holy light grant me power!	Not even my light can reach the darkness within your heart?
The end of sorrow the beginning of happiness and the desire for eternity.	When will true peace come to these waters?
Just whisper in my ear if you have anything to say~! *giggles*	I'm not opposed to intimacy every now and then~!
I look like a princess from a foreign country? Hehe you're making me blush...	It is my honour to get to wear another faction's garments. However... this traditional Dragon Empery dress feels rather tight around the chest area...
All these Iris flowers are not just for showy decoration they make for some aromatherapy as well. Hehe.	These Dragon Empery decorations all have a certain... unique charm to them don't they?
Is there something you would like to do with me?	Just this once on this special day I'll indulge your childishness~ Hehehe.
You're looking well. What good news have you brought Illustrious today?	Evening. *yawn*... I'm going to sleep. Wake me when it's sortie o'clock.
Need something? Come back in 3 hours after I've had my bath. But if it's urgent join me in the bathtub and we'll discuss it.	Is Veneto still up? She has this splendrous aura when she's awake. It's dazzling genuinely.
The only things I need in life are bread and my smartphone. Wait Oxy-cola too. Oh and warm baths...	You could build a slide outside the office window that leads to my dorm room for quick access. Great idea right?
Ready to kneel before me yet?	...Sleazebag.
...You really like playing with my hair huh?	Missions hmm? Completing them is key to furthering Sardegna's splendor.
Mission complete at the cost of nearly all my precious energy... Take it from here.	Seems the wind brought this letter straight to your desk. Oh you saw me bring it in? Welp.
You've returned. Now where's my thank-you for getting up to bid you welcome back?	The commission team's back. Go give them my regards.
*yawn*...	Gaze upon Sardegna's splendor – MY splendor!
Daring to pick a fight with the brilliant Impero isn't heroic. It's just foolish.	They caught wind of my spaghetti planes? I see... Sorry. This is my fault.
Kneel before me!	If I must exercise my brilliance so be it...!
Get out of my sight. I've no need for a snake like you.	There needn't be a reason why I'm brilliant. Brilliance is inherent self-apparent and unmistakable for anything else. Veneto said that so yeah.
I could do nothing – not even lift a finger – and I'd still contribute to Sardegna. To serve you however I have to put in real work.	I did a task for you. It was sloppy but I'm not used to doing work so cut me some slack. Nobody's born knowing how to work are they? My point is... Exactly. I appreciate the compliment.
Evening... You're not tired right before work? Darn I was hoping we could nap together.	"Whew nothing beats a good bath... Huh? What do you mean ""what's with the towel""? I just got out of the bath that's what?"
Littorio! Is dinner ready yet? Don't forget I'm brilliant. I'll starve to death if you take too long.	Need some help with that? ...You can do it on your own? Geesh soon there'll be nothing left for me to do.
It's nice being a carrier. I don't need to get my hands dirty all I have to do is pilot my planes. I'm so brilliant for being able to fight on my own.	Is dinner ready?! ...Not yet huh...
...I love when you do this	Mhh... That's nice. Do it again.
Missions hmm? Completing them is key to promoting your brilliance and Sardegna's splendor.	Brought you the mission rewards...! Oof! They're a lot heavier than I expected.
A carrier pigeon... I wish I could fly like a bird. A rigging upgrade might make that possible.	You've returned. I got you something to snack on. How nice of me right? You may thank me with a headpat.
I'm brilliant aren't I? Yeah I am... Hehehe.	We don't have to do anything today. You heard me – you can be like me and just not do anything productive. And if you do something wild I'll let it slide.
Evening. Here's what I'm doing to further Sardegna's splendor today... Zzz...	Bookmarks are a genius invention. They save me the effort of remembering how far into a book I am.
Zzz... Oops I nodded off. If you wanna borrow a book go ahead. Anyway... *yawn*... Hang on what page was I on again?	You here to return a book or...?
...Mgh. Hm? Huh?	These mission rewards let me read a few minutes more. Brilliant.
Ah you're back. You hungry? I'm kind of famished so let's hit the cafeteria in a few.	Now I can read another three pages. Awesome.
Why the long face? Concerned about your friends at sea or simply stressed over work? Don't bottle up your feelings – let it all out.	Tell me among the four Illustrious sisters whose tea is your favourite? ...Ah you want to know mine? Hmm... I'd say it's the robust Assam.
Brain fog you say? I may have just the cure – Royal Navy cuisine enhanced with tongue-sizzling spice. Care for a taste?	Excuse me? Do you want the same done to you? Heehee♥
Are you tired of performing your neverending duty? Heehee. Here I thought you enjoyed it considering how unswerving your commitment is.	A mission's been completed has it? Heehee. May this bounty bring you joy one doesn't find every day.
There's a letter for you. Remember people have high hopes for you and you're not one to disappoint.	Oh welcome back... The stuff in your cup looks off? You mean the tea I brewed for you? Why?
The commission team has come back. You arriving on scene quickly to thank them is the best reward they could ask for.	A blessing straight from you? Heehee. Allow me to give you my own blessings~
In Her Majesty's name I shall vanquish the wrongdoers.	We should celebrate this triumph. After all Lady Luck only lifts the hem of her dress to those who'll look
This defeat is like a stain on a white veil... Tiny yet vexing.	Think you can stop me?
Heehee. I'll get you for this.	Surrender to darkness if you wish but where should those who see you as their light go?
My name suggests I'm vindictive: unwilling to offer mercy or compassion. In truth I simply believe in my loyalties and convictions. As someone with great responsibility surely you agree it's best not to fixate on the little things.	What I desire is more than a mere symbol of victory – I crave someone who will answer my thoughts sentiments desires and expectations. In other words... Indeed if you do not know how to do so why not try listening to my every word from now on? Heehee~♥
Strong sentiments – be they faith or lust – do not necessarily lead to sin. There's no fun in being a slave to your conscience. If I were to offer myself to you no strings attached whatsoever gladly accepting is the right thing to do.	Love arises from the human's primordial desire for companionship. Once someone beckons you it only makes sense to cast aside your doubts and indulge in that sweet succulent euphoria... Heehee. Yet you seem to have difficulty accepting this. Deny yourself all you want. Seeing how long you can fight your urges is fun in its own way.
You still deny yourself? Heehee I understand. The shackles of inhibition are hard to break. Just close your eyes relax and empty your mind as I've taught you. I'm going to give you a mark of pleasure that will never go away♥	While there are many who'll give their all for you I'm the only one who can answer your prayers at the moment. Heehee♥
If you're bored we can go look if the canteen's offering anything new. Let's also pop down to the shop and see what's on sale. Heehee. If you want to kill time might as well do it with me right?	You're grimacing again... Fine. Come here and lie down. I'll help you let out all those woes and pent-up stress.
I don't mind if you're biased or pick favourites just don't look away when we're all to ourselves. If you do... Well I'll put a curse on you. Heehee♥	Virtuous people losing their way heroes giving in to corruption... Those who've grown bored of conventional stories find a guilty pleasure in such things.
While Illustrious is a great teacher during exercises Indomitable seems hellbent on always cutting corners... Maybe they bore her and all she wants is to go home and chat over tea. Heehee.	Will you say the words or do you want me to do it? Heehee
You wouldn't hesitate on the battlefield would you? Go on show me how brave you are♥	Say... Isn't there even a chance you'll drink my tea? You could at least pretend to sip it to let me feel good about myself.
It's wrong to pray only for you and nobody else. However you're the very person who pushed me in this direction. It is your mistake – do you know what you must do to rectify it? Yes you do. You have to throw reason to the wayside and let your throbbing... heart take over. Heehee~♥	You will surely have a blessed day. Why? Because I'm attracting all the bad luck
Gosh I'm soaked... What a pain. Should I go get changed after all?	"As it turns out the cafeteria's ""ultra spicy"" meal isn't very spicy at all. Maybe I'll make note of that on the next school survey."
"I assume you've already given some thought to how to deal with ""eccentric"" pupils? Heehee. I'm interested to see how you ""educate"" those who step out of line♥"	You've been waiting for this chance to make your move haven't you? Heehee♥
Oh my are you trying to take advantage of me when I'm vulnerable~?	The supplies seem to have arrived. Hmm... Surely you don't plan on making poor little me fetch them?
It's time to see the results of your studies. Don't let me down	Nothing makes a teacher happier than seeing her pupils get good results
Ugh... Sorry I should've been more diligent.	Naka... she's helped me quite a lot...
"Salvaging"" is my specialty!"	"If you leave your missions unfinished forever... then you'll end up having to do this bad thing called ""overtime""."
This month's bonus pay won't be postponed into the next month.	You have mailophobia? ... You don't have to be scared I'm here with you.
Phew... I'm glad that didn't hurt as much as I thought.	Hm... Huh?! We've been ambushed!
... I'M the MVP? ... Is this fleet... doing okay?	If only everyone were here with us...
A shared sorrow is one made half and shared joy is one made double. So please feel free to talk to me about anything.	Thank you for choosing me. Are you happy you did? It must be so hard to choose a single member of the 6th DesDiv. For making such a hard choice you deserve this chocolate. If you'd like to thank me consider providing me with a new change of clothes.
I usually go to festivals with Ikazuchi but this would be my first time going with you. Hmm? Where should we visit first?	Akatsuki said she wanted to join us so we can have a 6th DesDiv get-together at the party but she seems to have gotten lost on the way... I hope Hibiki is able to find her.
"The moon is beautiful tonight"" is supposed to be a pretty famous line right? Eh... How'd you already know about it Ikazuchi?"	Ikazuchi seems to have brought you some strawberries. Judging from your expression I'm... supposed to bring you blueberries?
Whether you are fighting taking care of commissions or just checking daily missions I will always be waiting for you here.	I'm prepared to battle at nighttime if necessary.
"Should I call Cleveland... ""Cleve""? Or do I keep it simple?"	Yes? Do you need something?
Go to the Admiralty and explain yourself. Right now.	A new mission has come in. Let's get it done ASAP.
We've got to stay diligent even after all our missions are complete.	I've brought your mail. Give it a read.
Should we draft a plan for the next operation?	The goods from that commission have arrived. Saves us time having to carry it by hand.
How about we set up a naval exercise right away?	Stay focused and be on your guard!
Never underestimate a CVL's capabilities.	Retreating is a legitimate tactic...
Target locked!	How many... How many chances at victory do we have left?
Allow me to be blunt: what the hell is wrong with you?	You're curious how nighttime carrier battles look? Got it. I'll inform you next time there's one on the exercise schedule.
A CVL might never rival an ordinary CV in terms of sheer power but... I just want you to recognize what I'm capable of.	Isn't there something you want to tell me? Be it combat-related or anything else. Why do I ask? Because I want to know what sort of place I have in your heart.
"There are some things you can't express through words""...? I don't follow. If you don't tell people how you feel how would they know? For instance how would you be able to guess that I love you if I didn't say it directly?"	It's thanks to our fateful encounter at the crossroads of life that I found the place where I belong... Was that... a weird way to put it? Umm well you know what I mean. I just can't find the right words... In any case I'm happy to be together with you!
You always do so much for me so it's time I do something for you. Unless you'd rather be alone I'll stay with you for the whole day helping you out with work and anything else you want. ...To start with you want chocolate from me? Absolutely. Here you are.	How do you want me to assist you today? ...Chocolate? Sure I can help with part of that. If you mean mine specifically you'll have to wait a while. First you have to come up with a plan for how to handle everyone's heartfelt gifts and thoughts. It'd be stupid to sit around eating chocolate without a plan no?
Light carrier Independence reporting. Retrofitting complete. I'm ready to take on harder more vital missions. Leave anything like that to me.	I am fully accustomed to my new weaponry. My next battles will be legendary in naval history. Okay maybe not to that extent.
I should probably hang out with my own sisters as much as I hang out with Cleveland...	I've finished all the work you assigned me. Proofread it at your leisure.
Even I someone who's terrible at inferring people's feelings can clearly see how passionately Princeton is about her goals.	Are we sortieing? Or is there administrative work to do around the port? Either way leave it to me.
What the–?!	Commission goods have arrived. I'll help transport them of course.
Nothing can stand between my wings and the skies!	So this is my new school huh? Hmm... gotta put my stuff down first before checking in with the teacher.
Living in a dorm means I don't have to worry about being late for school.	Yeah it should be fine to leave my pet in the dorm... I think?
Join a club? Maybe I should... Hmm... Actually I'm good.	Both studies and missions require your full undivided attention.
Do you not get what this paragraph means? Let me have a look.	...Go to the staff room and explain yourself.
Now what's our next subject?	I won by making use of the things I learned. That's all there's to it!
"There are a lot of really stunning goods here but the price tags on some of these are also very ""stunning""... Wh-why don't we start by looking through the more cost-effective stuff first..."	Forcing you to help me make all these decisions is a little embarrassing... but thanks for bearing with me. You've been a great help.
"I also chose a getup for my partner here... Hehe doesn't it give off ""gentlemanly"" vibes?"	Makeup? Uh I'm not well-versed in that stuff so I guess I'll pick up a little bit of everything. I'll try asking around for help after we get back!
You want me to try these shoes on? Um s-sure. Just give me a moment.	Whew... A bit of stretching helps keep the body flexible. Hm? I'm in loungewear what about it? I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't stare too much though...
Saratoga and Lexington do stretches on the regular giving them great dexterity for aircraft carriers. They really live up to their rep as idols. Good examples of hard work paying off too.	Who's the most dexterous among the Cleveland class? If I had to guess... Columbia. She does ballet you know.
Even the most basic of stretches qualify as exercise. Though I'll admit it's not very rigorous exercise.	Long Island claims mastering yoga gives you the power to breathe fire and extend your arms. I don't buy that idea though.
Yeah that's it. Push on my back and hold it like that.	I appreciate your help with the pushes but now you're just pushing your luck.
Feel like doing some stretches with me? I could use a hand with a couple of moves like the forward bend for instance.	Just need to feed it a coin then operate the crane with the joystick... Oh! I got one! That was easier than I expected.
"Who put this crane game here? ""Supplied by Akashi nya""...? That's what it says on the back?"	By the way have you seen my pet eagle? Do you think he flew off somewhere? ...Wait he's not in the crane game is he?!
Apparently if you bang on a machine hard enough you might get lucky and get a prize for free. Though it's more likely to get you in trouble than anything else.	I've heard there's a café run by the Sakura Empire nearby. Why don't we stop by there later for a drink?
You ought to get some fresh air to cool that hot head of yours...	I got a prize on my first try so I tried it a few more times... but the crane wouldn't move like I wanted it to and loosened up as soon as it grabbed something. What a failure. I thought I'd try again only to find out I was all out of coins.
What are you looking at? My skin color has always been light brown it's not a tan.	To be honest... I can't really have a proper conversation with other people...
Whew...	Mission unfinished...
I brought the rewards.	Here mail.
... Is it already over?	... I almost forgot to report it but... a commission's been completed.
... I feel the... power surging through me.	I'm the captain... Wait I'm the captain?!
Hey... I think we won...	...? It's my turn? Got it.
... Oops.	My sister's... always talking about how cute I am but if she'd just focus a little more on herself I'm sure she'd be popular... That's why I've always felt a little guilty about her...
I'm... not as cheerful as my sister nor do I look as good as her yet you still chose me... That makes me a little... no... it makes me very happy...	I'm really happy... but I don't know what I should say... So can I just... give you a hug?
Could I ask you to try to eat this chocolate...? Sorry... Portland went and made something stupid again... and there's so much left over...	I made this chocolate together with Norfolk. It's my first attempt at anything like this so I can't guarantee it'll be good... But I hope you'll still give it a taste.
Um this year you're getting chocolate designed after my sister... Why? She said something about wanting to see you and me together – me handing you my chocolate and you accepting it... I'm not sure why but I don't see anything wrong with it... I guess?	School life... It's nice as long as you and my sister are here... I think...
"My sister makes great lunch boxes... but she doesn't need to write ""I Love Indy"" on them every single time..."	I like this plushie Portland gave me... But something about it feels off...
I'm definitely better at science than languages... How do I get better at expressing my feelings?	... What? I'm not sleeping. Haven't I told you that I just have a slower reaction time than others?
Is this... my reward for behaving?	... It's time to go home already?
Really I-58? California rolls don't really count as sushi? Huh that's interesting. Thanks you learn something new every day...	Here sis I got you some food. Now try to pipe down for a little while.
...Oh right. I forgot when's the dance? Not yet? All right I can rest easy then.	My sis could use a dance partner. Who'd make a good candidate?
It looks like... the party hasn't started yet.	My Illustrious-class sisters are all outstanding. Should you run into any problems they would be more than glad to help... Me? Um well I suppose I wouldn't mind offering you some advice...
Oh my an invitation to a tea party? ...Though I think I'll pass. Keeping up airs is soooo tiring.	Sleep revitalizes the body daydreaming revitalizes the mind and strolling refreshes one's mood. I'll have you know all forms of relaxation serve a purpose and are DEFINITELY not slacking off.
*Yaaawn*... Can't get motivated right now... Huh work? I've already finished all of it.	Did you need something? Though it'd be great if you didn't...
Double my vacation time buy me some sweets and I'll keep this a secret. Hehe not such a bad deal right?	Hyah?! Gosh how rude of you to interrupt my daydreaming!
New missions huh... Should be no problem at all for someone as experienced as you right?	New mail? Are we being told to go on vacation? Huh what do you mean that's not possible?
The commission team has returned. I shall await your return so you should go greet them soon.	I've gotten stronger but... maybe I shouldn't let anyone know that.
M-me flagship? Sounds like a pain in the... Err it's nothing! I'll do it!	I'm the MVP? I wonder if I shouldn't have tried so hard...
Seems like I'll be in the docks for a good while... Well don't threaten me with a good time I suppose.	Maybe I should start to get serious...
If this drags on I'll seriously be in trouble...	*sigh*... I knew I shouldn't have gotten my hopes up...
My hobbies? Hmm... Honestly I haven't given it much thought up until this point. Let's see... what I like isn't so much finding things to do but rather finding ways of not doing anything.	Hehe I see you're also slack– Err I mean nourishing your body and soul. That pleases me greatly. Alright let's continue practicing the art of clearing our minds on a regular basis! As for where to conduct the lessons... how about in my room?
Should you run into any problems... You should come to me first not my sisters... Y-yeah I think I'm fine with that...	Did you sleep well yesterday? If you're tired you might want to take a little nap or go on a stroll outside first. I'll accompany you~
Formidable won't let any of our other sisters see her cheeky side but she's a lot more open around me for whatever reason... Well there's not a whole lot we have in common anyway. Her taste in music is a bit... too noisy for my tastes.	I'm serious. Y-you can come see me even if you don't have any problems...
You're such a bully...	The commission fleet seems to have come back. Hurry up and go– Err I mean let's go greet them together.
If it's for your sake I suppose I can put in a bit more effort...	MVP huh... Darn it now I'm going to have to rest up to get my motivation back!
Don't worry I'm the type of girl who can bounce right back after a little nap.	Let's see the next things to do on our date are... chilling together indoors leisurely enjoying some tea then quietly arrange some flowers. Hm? You want to go outside? I I think our schedule's already pretty packed. Look every time we go outside on a date my legs get all puffy the next day...
Welcome back Master~ All righty that's all my maid-motivation used up...	Knowing how to brew tea is one of the essentials for the Royal Maids no? Well that's something even I can do. Though only once a day no more than that.
What jobs am I capable of doing? Let's see... Oh I can warm up the bed for you before you go to sleep?	I'm sure someone with THIS many maids would live an absolutely blessed lifestyle... Ugh it's making me jealous the more I think about it...
Are you trying to give me a massage? My shoulders were just starting to feel a bit stiff so massage away~	I'm going to tell my sisters you know?
The Royal Maids are always carrying all sorts of yummy snacks back and forth... I wonder how they can control themselves.	Breaking stuff is easy. Making stuff is not.
Why am I wearing just one stocking? Uhh because I forgot to put the other one on. What does it matter anyway? Clothes are just a bother.	There's a loose screw under the bookcase... No biggie I'll get it myself. And don't you dare try to sneak a dirty peek in while I'm doing it.
Keep the touching to a minimum thanks.	This is your dirty-deeds-hand huh? I'm gonna keep you armlocked until you say you're sorry.
This hairpin? It's made from a repurposed binder clip. Is that so weird?	New missions huh? Ugh. I don't wanna get off my butt...
Need a pen to write the mission complete papers? Here you can borrow mine.	Mail eh... I could give your mailbox a makeover if you want.
Commission complete. Any parts you don't need? Send 'em my way.	Rigging upgrades huh? Keep them coming thanks.
Full module calibration complete. I'm loaded and ready for battle!	Sweet! My rigging's perfectly tuned!
I've gotta do thorough rigging maintenance when I get back!	Nothing personal!
Oh crap! That's gonna be a pain to repair!	I'd love to unscrew your thick skull and have a look at what's inside.
Even minor flaws impact the quality of a product. You want high-end equipment? Make sure it's perfectly calibrated.	"Hey Cooper I finished that ""morph item"" you asked about... No Allen! Stop plastering stickers all over my stuff!"
Listen if you ever need something just hit me up. Scratch that uhh... You can hit me up anytime for any reason. I just feel kinda lonely without you you know? Ahem... Anyway!	Here I thought you were dense but I guess I was wrong. Oh yeah I made this ring for you. It's no promise ring but I still want you to have it... This thing's special to me so don't even think about having me remake it for you.
Okay all systems green. Say hello to my new and improved Chocomaker 2.0. It makes decent chocolate but it's got nothing on my handmade stuff. Speaking of which how do you like it? Pretty good huh?	You're on time for once! That means you're due for a reward. I'll make your drink doubly sweet.
Your job's simple. All you need to do is drink what I serve you and give feedback on the taste mouthfeel et cetera.	All I asked Allen for was some label paper and instead she dumped a billion different stickers on me...
No Cooper that stuff's got alcohol in it. Put it back where you found it.	Yeah Allen made me wear this getup when she found out I'll be handling the bar counter... That said I guess I don't really mind it.
Hey! Wow... Hope you like your lemonade with 30 times more lemon juice.	Once I've perfected this recipe I'll give you a gold taste-tester medal for your efforts.
Commission complete. Let's see if they brought back anything I can use...	Am I slated to sortie today? If not hurry up and fix that!
One should always go all out no matter the enemy... Having that said there are various practical reasons why that isn't always possible...	Despite the fact that there are many Essex-class carriers we all have our good spots you say? ...Uhh you're not talking about our ship performance? I've never given much thought to those bothersome things...
Want something to drink? Then how about a martini – shaken not stirred? Just kidding!	You... *sigh*...I'm way more inclined to beat you to a pulp than to praise you for your bravery.
Wooahh?! You're messing up my hair?!	Having trouble with your missions? If you're stumped why don't you let me try my hand?
Mission accomplished! See there's nothing you can't do if you put your mind to it!	There's new mail... do we have new orders?
Phew I'm back! Oh you need a battle report repair and resupply overviews and a mission debriefing? Sure five minutes should be enough right? After that send me back out there!	Flight preparations complete! Attack squadrons roll out!
The crown of victory goes to me the one who knows no fear!	I have to go to the docks again...? Damnit why is it always me... Y-you didn't hear anything!
Let's get this done!	Crap I didn't think there'd be so many of them...
The great symbol of fearlessness is none other than I – Intrepid! Don't you forget that!	Happy Valentine's Day! I've been working hard with my friends to make great chocolate! For the sake of someone so important to all of us it's only appropriate that we all work together!
Happy Valentine's Day! My goal this year was to see how well I could do all on my own! The skill power and raw bravery necessary to go it alone and rough it to the last are all necessary for me to stand side-by-side with you. And nooow... Behold the result of it all!	No matter how strong the enemy I have absolute confidence that you will be able to draw out my full power! Come on add me to the next sortie roster!
I-I won't give in no matter how many times you attack!	~
Having trouble with your missions? Well let's work on 'em together!	Mission accomplished! See two heads are better than one!
It's not enough to just be a pitcher. I've gotta be a good batter as well! Oh Bluegill's also out there training. Let's grab her for our practice!	Nice catch! You've got skill! How about becoming my catcher?
A ponytail really does get in the way huh... Next time maybe I'll try putting it up...	Gah! I threw the ball full power and lost control of it... My bad my bad!
All righty! This one's headed towards the ends of the universe! Wait how's the catcher gonna get it then...	Even if you brought protection getting hit by my fastball is gonna hurt like hell~
Nobody can return one of my pitches!	Gah I gave up a run...
We're fine without fuel. All you need out on the seas is some good food and booze!	What should I call Fusou? Big sister? Senpai?
Ise Shrine? I've seen it from a distance but they won't let me go in...	What? W-What do you mean an aviation battleship can't fly? Lame!
I... I'm coming too! Wait for me!	Mmhmmm~! All I need is a beer and a raw egg to wake up. Do you want some too?
Whoo! Just the thing to prop up the corner of the table!	Operation Kita was more fun that this!
A flight deck eh? I wish I could fly...	Finally! My turn to make some noise.
Ahaha! As a super dreadnought it's only natural!	One... final... bombardment!
Super dreadnoughts... open fire!!	Are you from the Army?
It'd be wonderful to be able to go stargazing with Hyuuga again.	Thank you~! I'm going to stay by your side until the end of the end. Why? Because I hate drinking alone!
My wine-filled chocolate have a special flavor to them... It's not enough to get you drunk but it'll get you through the day at least! Ahahaha!	"My initial plan for Valentine's was to go drinking with you and the girls again but then I wondered ""Wouldn't a 1-on-1 chat in a quiet bar be more cozy?"" and decided on that instead! By the way I've heard this place serves hot chocolate if you just ask for it."
Damn... Guess aviation battleships can't fly after all. Kinda let down honestly...	What? I can't let my aircraft fly around the port whenever I want? Why not?!
You interested in my flight deck?	Aviation battleships can't fly but if you want me to send you flying then I'll grant your wish.
Keep an eye out? My aircraft can do that easy peasy. I tell ya these beauts are really handy~	Torpedoes are truly frightening...
It feels creepy at night without any lights on don't you think...?	I've seen plenty of things in this world! You won't scare me so easily.
Uwa! It's touching me! It's touching me!	Mission rewards delivered! I wonder if there's anything good...
The girls have completed their commissions! I hope they didn't bring anything strange back...	Did I... get stronger?
Nothing weird is going to pop out right?	*Cries* ... Are they all demons?
I... I'm not scared!	*Cries*... Are ghosts scary because they don't exist in this world?
Ah? A midnight adventure? That... it's not a good idea is it? No I'm not afraid!	*Cries*... There definitely was something strange there just now! I already said a midnight adventure was a bad idea!
I wasn't planning on doing anything for Valentine's Day... but since you always treat us so well I figured it was appropriate to make something? S-so don't say you don't want it!	My chocolate-making skills have improved as a result of my modernizing and retrofitting! After eating my chocolate ask my sister to cook for you as well when she has time! I want to make sure you eat properly!
Whuah?! Y-you scared me there... Don't just poke someone from behind when they're making chocolate! I'm making Abukuma's and Yura's too so I've got my hands full for today! As for your chocolate... I made it well in advance so don't worry about that! Heh!	Nagara always looks after me and wants to cook my food for me but I'm an adult! This tiny chocolate is proof that I am! Even after you've eaten everyone else's food you must have room for this right? My feelings are all jam-packed into that tiny package so make sure you taste it well!
Y-you saw something weird?! Wh-wh-where?! ...Jeez! Don't scare me like that!	Nagara said that I looked cuter before but I think that's just because she likes to dote on me...!
Kinu seems like the dependable type but she sometimes gives off really scary vibes... Ugh I just don't understand her.	The girls in the commission fleet have come back. Hopefully they didn't bring anything weird back with them?
Leave the anti-air support to me!	I... I'm not afraid anymore!
There's many monsters roaming around during Halloween... B-but I'm not scared okay?! ... Umm err uh... Can I hold your hand?	A-all those Halloween monsters are just people in costumes right?! ... There aren't any real ones roaming around right?!
Monsters aren't real... Monsters aren't real... M-m-monsters aren't real....!	W-w-why do they make even the pumpkins look scary?!
L-l-looks like everyone's enjoying Halloween... I-I-I-I'm not shuddering okay?!	*Eeek*?! I-I'll turn you into a frog!
Two people sitting in front of the fireplace like this... feels a bit like family.	My sisters wanted to dress up as Santa Claus and go around handing presents to kids... I didn't go with them because I'm not good with the dark.
It's so cozy right next to the fireplace... There are even fuzzy Manjuus to cuddle~	Are... you trying to share my body heat?
I knew it! You were trying to take advantage of me!	I was told that this outfit would be good for wearing around the house but it's a bit too loose... S-stop staring at me already.
Wooah! ...I fell down again... But at least it's cooler now... Huh? A photoshoot? Noo don't take a picture of me~	I wasn't trying to spill the juice! ...Sorry...
I had no idea donning a mascot suit was so demanding... Fubuki used to wear these all the time... That's way too insane...	Haah... I wonder if I should take a little breather... It's so nice and cool...
Card games? N-no way that'd be way too hard...	Ugh... I knew you'd take advantage of this opportunity to tease me...
Mascot outfits are so hard to move around in... It's all dark and stuffy inside... Ugh...	Late as always. Just how long will you keep me waiting?
If you've got time to stare at me then maybe do your work instead.	A blade requires careful maintenance. Isn't that obvious?
Sisters... eh. The Izumo class consists of just me so I guess I'm a bit jealous.	... I-I'll slice your hand off!
What are you planning to do about these unfinished missions?	Mission complete... Good lord would you ever have realized it on your own?
Here's a letter. It's rude to the sender to not read their letter thoroughly. Don't you agree?	Look who's back. Time's precious so start reflecting on your last sortie immediately.
Commission complete. Why don't you go on one yourself sometime?	My blade grows sharper.
All ships form up! Target: enemies in front!	Victory? Of course we won!
Damn... I can... still fight...!	Feel the wrath of my blade!
P-put out the fire...!	You lack what it takes to order me to swing this blade.
This blade is my other half. Casually touch it and you'll get hurt.	Hey you've started getting just a bit into shape recently... Hmph I suppose I'll acknowledge you've worked hard.
The path of my blade is one of constant solitude... or so I thought. Hmph maybe being with you... isn't so bad after all.	You're making that miserable face again. I just can't leave you be huh... Listen today is the day I will acknowledge your hard work... or should I say your talent! I battleship Izumo swear on my blade to walk with you both in life and death.
My name has connections to classical dancing...? I-I see...	Dancing and my sword are much alike. Untold hours of learning and practice are for a single moment of brilliance...
Savory delicacies and mature festivities... I say why not enjoy the New Year and let loose for once? Hahahah!	... Drunk? Me? I've only had a few... *Hick*
I'll remind ya in case ya forgot...! I'm the battleship Izumo!	How stunning; how gorgeous – to my eyes the sight of this battlefield is worth ten thousand ryo.
Boss my Eye has seen it... Your necktie is slightly loose.	Boss can you check if these chains are covering my left eye? I'll reposition my arm.
"Boss is the ""you"" that my Eye sees really ""you""?"	Boss care to race with me? I will show you what real Lighting looks like.
I feel it. Somewhere in the world the darkness of night is enveloping something...	...Boss keep your hands to yourself. Otherwise you'll startle me when I'm concentrating.
...Boss t-this isn't the place for this...	Boss are there any Missions for me to tackle?
Boss we've received mission rewards. Me? No need. I'm satisfied with Standing here and basking in my sense of accomplishment.	Boss you have mail from one of your partners.
I feel Evil wriggling within the depths of my heart... Boss let's enjoy this Peace while it lasts.	"Boss the commission team has returned... ""Stop posing on the veranda""? U-understood..."
It's not enough... I need more power...!	My heart is utterly unclouded...!
Eradicating you fiends is the meaning of Justice.	It's not pain I fear... it's being completely helpless... Ugh!
The eulogy of life... is the eulogy of Courage!	Victory comes to those who are determined! Stand Proud!
Unfortunately Boss it seems your Goals differ from mine...	Boss care for a chat? There seems to be a need for us to Know one another.
An age of justice? That is not what I want. Where there is light there is dark. Evil cannot be eradicated so easily Boss.	You end up on the path of Evil if you only focus on your own justice your own desires. Never let the Darkness out of sight. I'm here with you Boss.
One needs a Heart of Justice. As long as we have it no matter what struggles we face we will surely see our journey to the end. We are Just therefore... you are never alone Boss.	Boss what we are doing is carving a path through the Wilderness. And being here to walk beside you is the greatest blessing of my life.
Boss here's some chocolate we made for you... Oh okay... So you want three more of these sweet ones...? Sure I can do it. Once more will all my heart I'll get to work...!	Boss after making this chocolate I've realised something. I can't pursue just the result. Because when all you want is the result you start to look for shortcuts. I think the most important thing in Valentine's chocolate is your sincerity!
Hey Boss study this parfait from top to bottom. The chocolate flakes are premium quality. Then you have the jelly whipped cream ice cream and finally the crunchy granita... When you eat this royalty among desserts you do it from the top using a spoon!	Hey Boss you talkin' about my sweet bike? Heh I made it myself by scrounging up parts from Akashi's place. Pretty cool huh?
Boss the weather be fine today. Wanna go for a ride?	Boss if you have time wanna help me upgrade my bike? I got some sick ideas.
When somethin' is on my mind I just keep on riding until my troubles are left far far behind... However it's really easy to get lost.	Boss when I drive I like to go fast. When you're sitting behind me make sure to hold on tight!
"Boss what if I named this bad boy here ""Dark Bolt?"	Boss do you wanna try riding too? Be careful this guy's got some serious horsepower.
Boss... even though I told you to hold on to me tight I didn't mean right there...	Boss come take a seat. We're gonna forget all about the the smoke of the battlefield and feel the wind at our side.
I used to consider myself a drifter a vagabond with no home and no destination. But I learned that I was wrong Boss. No matter what happens I'll always come back... to home.	Look Boss this is the new bike that Akashi sent me. She said she wanted me to be her brand ambassador... Doesn't that job sound badass?
"Akashi said she'd give me this bike in exchange for some ""marketing."" Sooo... Boss what do you think? Wanna buy one?"	This baby's got more horsepower than the other one even if it's less reliable. She's still a good bike.
Worried about your hair? Well safety's the most important thing on the road so you'd better hang on to this helmet.	Boss would you like to learn about motorcycles? I thought you might. Let's begin with starting the engine. First...
Do you hear it boss? The rumbling of her engine? She thirsts for the open road. What are you waiting for? Hop on! But don't forget your helmet.	Boss the mountains are lovely this time of year. How about it?
I once thought myself a traveler with nothing to tie me down with no real destination... Turns out I was wrong Boss. I'll always come back to you no matter what happens.	I hope the seas will remain calm today... and that my friends who have set sail will return home safely...
Um if Jervis happens to say something rude to you please don't hold it against her! If if anything I'll apologize in her place!	Hyeep?! ...S-sorry! That just startled me a bit...
*whimpers*... I-is this my punishment for being a burden...?	That feels so nice... Pweh?! S-so sorry! I was completely distracted by something else just now...
Wow you're already done with your work? How impressive... I-it was only possible because of me...? Th-thank you! I'm glad I was able to be of help!	The commission team has returned... P-please allow me to come with you! ...Well actually it's fine if you don't...
Just getting stronger isn't good enough. I also have to keep working harder...	Don't worry Janus you can do this! You can totally handle those enemies!
Ugh... I lost... What's this tight feeling in my chest...?	P-please stand aside!
I mustn't drag the others down... I have to be strong!	I knew it... I can't do anything after all... or be of use to anyone...
Are you sure I can come talk to you whenever I want? ...I I see. I'll try my best to find a suitable time to come bother you then... Gah that came out wrong! I didn't mean it that way...	Whenever I found myself too afraid to move forward I used to try to encourage myself to keep my spirits up. But now with you and my other friends at my side I have all the courage I need and no longer need to resort to that. Ehehe.
I I still don't think... I can handle stuff like this yet... Ugh...	The commission team has returned. Please allow me to come with you as well! I... I can do this now!
All my friends around the port are dressing up for Halloween huh... By the way what is this supposed to be a costume of? It has cat ears but bat wings...	Hyeep?! ...Oh that was just the commission fleet coming back? Thank you very much...
Jervis is going to be worried about me... Ugh...	Ah... I-I'm sorry for making you wait. Just a little longer...
I get it. It's my fault for making you wait... Ack! *blush*	W-w-welcome back! Once I'm dressed umm could we leave together...?
The commission team is back? Okay! I'll go and meet them... right away...!	I hope my skirt's fine like this...
Let's work hard for the whole day!	Fwa... I don't like to feel nonexistent. I'm gonna strike back~
I'm very lucky!	Hey hey you've got mai
Getting tired? The commissions should be done just around this time. Shall we go to the docks to welcome them back?	This seems like a good way to kill time!
Am I amazing? Oh you shouldn't have~ But please learn how to do a better job praising me!	Ugh... I let my guard down...
Javelin full power advance~ Yep!	Did Laffey give you her chocolate? ...Alright just wanted to make sure. I went to wake her up and I couldn't find her so I was worried she'd dozed off somewhere along the way. Anyway here's MY chocolate as well! Heehee~ I hope these happy times will last forever!
Heavy attack mode prepared ready to use ultimate firepower! Check out the incredible glow on this new gun!	Good~ I'll be able to help out with your hard training schedule today! Oh? We can't fire our guns inside? I forgot...
"The wind caresses the sea starlight rises o'er the horizon. May courage fill my heart. Transform!"" What do you think about my new incantation?"	I'm going to get stronger and cuter! Just you wait!
Look I can handle you just fine!	Today I must be the happiest girl in the world! Hehe~
I'll show you the power of love!	Hehe nothing can overcome the power of love!
Everyone hurry up! We rarely get to go out to play so let's make every minute count! Javelin packed plenty of lunches so let's have a picnic by the beach!	Don't worry guys~! I've already packed all your favorite foods!
Everyone let's do our best to kick back and relax!	Our destination is... the beach~!
Tada! We're all wearing the same uniform! It's super cute isn't it? Heehee I'll be wearing it the entire time I'm on duty so make sure to visit!	Don't hesitate to call me if you need anything~
Z23 remember to smile~ Ayanami please don't give that death glare to our customers. Laffey wake up! ....Right then what can I get for you sir?	Javelin advancing very slowly!
~What kind of lunch should I pack today~	Little Bel and Belfast somehow feel like... mother and child?
Which club should I join...? Cooking club? Knitting club? Nnnh... I just can't decide!	Juneau are you going shopping with the others later? Aww let me come too!
Jeez no lewding! How many times do I have to repeat myself?	Javelin full speed ahead!
Laffey Z23 Ayanami and Unicorn - are you girls ready? Ehehe~ I'm not planning to lose to any of you today~!	My usual bear pyjamas are super cute and all but it's always nice to change into something different! Ehehe~
Unicorn your drawings are really good! Ehhhh... you even know how to sculpt?!	This cake is so delicious~ Woah... self control self control!
Enterprise did you like the lunch that I made for you? Ehh? You also made your own?! Well then can I try some of yours?	All righty I'm ready to deliver a pillow smackdown!
Shoot! I forgot that the others will be coming back any minute now!	Yaaay! Ehehe everyone thank you very much!
I guess I'm still a bit dumbstruck...	Hehe let's turn those frowns upside down and have a great day!
Hehe~ Next time I want all four of us to get on stage and perform together!	Right now I can say with confidence that I want to bring a smile to everyone's face. Not just the people around me but to everyone in the whole wide world! Ehehe~
Ehehe since you're so into this I'll sing another song for you~	Aww... I promise to do better next time!
*pant* *pant*... I finally got it! The legendary hero's... Ah d-don't worry about it! This thing might look a bit weird but my ATK stat has indeed gone up!	The hero and her party will defeat the Demon King for sure! ...Now that I think about it who's supposed to be the Demon King?
Is that... a Slimejuu? It's not very strong but I don't want to end up all sticky... Laffey I'll let you handle it!	Maybe I should buy a new set of equipment for myself too... Wait no getting Zed geared up should be our top priority!
I wonder if you can use this piece of equipment as emergency food in a pinch...	Th-this isn't that kind of game!
New quests huh... Oh these rewards look pretty juicy Zed!	We get our mission rewards here but what about the quest completion bonus...?
Javelin the Brave Hero full speed ahead!	Victory is ours! I sure hope we can get some rare drops...
I should've put some points into emergency healing like Jervis...	Go figure... you're busier than I expected. If ya need a hand with something just gimme a shout.
If some dumbass sticks their nose where it doesn't belong they got only themselves to blame when they're hanging from my cannons.	The era of battleships is over? Hah the hell you mean? MY era is just getting started!
Idiots just don't ever wisen up do they... What drives 'em to pray to a made-up being that won't even respond?	Stop trying to hit on me.
... You better not regret this later.	A job's a job. Whining won't make it go away.
... Pish them's some shabby rewards.	Got some mail for ya. Picked it up on the way here.
You finished plundering? Coulda gotten it done in no time if you'd brought me.	Guess your rackety team's come back.
Feeling great. Wanna give it a shot?	Don't bother with courtesy! Just bunch up and come at me!
Your endeavors were touching... but when you pick the wrong fight that's all they'll ever be.	My payback comes with interest... Before long you'll know how much!
Playtime's over!	That all ya got?
Seems you've mistaken a wolf for a dog... Hmph don't start crying if you get bit cause of it.	Your smile makes me think of her... She's someone I wanna hate but can't bring myself to.
Stop looking so intimidated. Long as you won't betray me I won't betray you.	I can't stand hearing those babies cry when you get hurt... So use me as a shield. I don't mind.
It's like the mood eases up when you're with me... I'mma get some rest right here... And don't you leave me...	The path I walk is an unforgiving dirt-ridden path where you can't even see the future lying ahead of you. But ya still wanna go with me? ... Hmph your stupidity amazes me. And for your foolishness I offer you the rest of my days.
I guess I ended up making my way to you. As kindred spirits let us spend the day quietly together. ...I guess that's not possible. Here I'll at least give you this chocolate.	A bottle of wine? For me? Thanks. I've got something for you too. C'mon let's go to our little sanctuary and enjoy a quiet Valentine's Day together. Just the two of us.
Zzz... Ah shit I dozed off. Got caught up in the moment... Or maybe your lap is just too cozy. You wanna switch? I don't mind spending the whole day like this if you're cool with that.	Beautiful sights tasty food sweet chocolate... Gotta say I don't mind just dining and hanging out with you once in a while. Got any plans by the way? Valentine's Day isn't over yet and I'm open to anything.
Gimme that I'm gonna help ya out... Of course I'm gonna assist I'm your secretary.	I'm not the kinda girl who goes shopping with Dunkerque and Algérie. But you knew that already being the person who knows me best right? On the other hand I wouldn't mind doing that with you.
I ain't letting any new talent outshine me. I am Jean Bart the Vichya Dominion's most powerful ship and bearer of the sacred Iris' name. This title is my pride and I will never surrender it.	If you wanna go talk to Richelieu then I could come with ya. We believe in different things but we're still sisters.
Praying isn't my thing but wishing is fine by me. 'Cause wishing for the wellbeing of the one you love is what it means to be human.	Look just don't get too flirty with me...
You're really that keen on my body?	This loot ain't nearly good enough. Not for me nor for you.
I mighta once had a big role to play but with you in command I just never get to truly act.	Guess that merrymaking team's come back.
All hail the Vichya Dominion!	...Oh crap guess I dozed off. How 'bout you take a quick nap too? You could use my lap for a headrest. Take it easy. You and I we're always by each other's side.
The guest of honor shouldn't be wandering around looking for girls drinking alone... Hmph might as well have a drink while you're here anyway.	I'm more willing to listen to Dunkerque than a lot of others. She's a lot more in touch with the masses.
Letting go of everything and losing yourself to the merriment of song and dance... that is what a banquet should be about. Not this pompous farce that makes even wine taste bad.	The one thing that this banquet has going for it is the fact that everyone's smiles are genuine and heartfelt... Look I'm praising you can't you tell?
"Cheers... Hmph. I never asked for the ""blessing"" of being someone's sister but I've already gotten used to what that entails."	You still have missions to do even now? ... Need my help?
C'mon put all that stuff aside and have a drink with me.	Did you just come back from battle? Here cheers.
A commission fleet has returned? Let's head down to greet them together then. I needed some fresh air anyway.	Mmm... the wind on the battlefield... now that's what I'm used to.
Hmph. Still better than going to that banquet...	I loathe red tape nor do I have any desire to stand here like a flower vase for people to stare at... But I'm doing all of this for you because you make me feel like it's all worth it. You've committed quite the serious offense mon amour...
You damn scalawag... You don't just sneak into someone's hideaway without consequences ya know. Though I found this place by pure chance too. Don't go tellin' anyone else about it!	Don't you go touchin' my stuff without permission! I'll knock ya out cold.
You wanna go lookin' for treasure? There's no damn treasure 'round here. But one day... Hmph one day when we've achieved a boring peace I'll give you a taste of what a real treasure hunt is like.	Sorry but this hammock's only big enough for one of us. Ya wanna relax get your own. I ain't your personal servant.
Just how much damn work do you have if you're even bringin' it up here...? You just like being with me...? Tsk...	Wha–? Is... Is that Surcouf? The hell... How'd she end up dozing off in here? That girl's a real piece of work.
Ack! Don't put your damn ice-cold soda on me! You're on thin ice buddy...	You're not the only one who can do whatever ya want just 'cause nobody else will come here. I can too. Understand?
Would you stop comin' here right after returning to port? Don't want people catching wind of this place and turning it into a playground.	Man... The sun's crazy bright out today... What you're still here? How long are ya gonna hang around? Hmph you're real good both at making me happy AND making me mad you know that?
"Bonne année... Or rather I should say ""Happy New Year"" here yes? A year of peace and prosperity passes and we are here to welcome another... and I must thank you for making that possible."	Work same as always huh? Tell me if there's anything I oughta know.
Aid with getting dressed? This is nothing compared to a ceremonial Iris dress. Not to mention it suits me better. Don't ya agree?	Sakura Empire-style badminton? Sounds fun. I'll knock that shuttlecock beyond the horizon!
I hate it when people approach me to either give or get a hug. Never asked for their damn compassion.	Wagashi for me? Thanks. Dunkerque sure is considerate as always.
What you wanna see me brandish one of these?	Umph! What now?!
Hmh...	You're back? Seems you've got girls queuein' up to meet you. Me not so much...
Forward! Quarter them!	I'm not the type to underestimate anyone.
Not to say I've grown soft but I have gotten too used to you bein' around. I don't mind it – hell I like it. I'm all but dependent on you that's just how important you are to me.	There are actually some obvious differences between us Fletcher sisters.
It really is a wonder... that all of us who ended up spread across the world could reunite here...	That supply fleet... Isn't the enemy this time around right...?
If only I was a little more brave...	Now is not the time for me to be scared... L-let's give them a beating!
Whew... I was so nervous I thought my heart was going to burst... H-hooray for victory!	*Pant*... *Pant*... T-the enemy hasn't caught up yet have they?!
I-if you don't run away now then I'll have to get serious!	U-um... Please stop staring at me...!
I'm a bit of a scaredy cat... and I'm always afraid to tell people what I really think...	How about we have some tea together after lunch... N-n-not like a date or anything like that...!
I was afraid of having to rush my chocolate-making the night before Valentine's so this year I made it ahead of time! H-how early you ask? About... half a year. Is that *too* early?	Happy Valentine's! H-here you go! ...I planned this gift since last year! Maybe that's a bit too early but that gave me time to incorporate references to trends from the whole year and that was fun... Wh-what do you mean the trends have long since died?!
Umm... H-here you go. Happy Valentine's Day. H-how long did I work on this one? I'm not sure honestly... It was all I could think about whenever I had time so... Yeah...	I wonder if Radford would be happy to wake up to an apple in her present box... M-Maybe I should give her some candy after all...?
Santa would be wearing a Santa hat and a beard like I am right?	Nicholas is acting just the same as she would on any other day even though it's Christmas...
It's a shooting star! If you make a wish upon it before it disappears...! Uh you want to know what I wished for...? I-It's a secret!	You know... It's okay to come a b-bit closer...?
I won't hand these important presents over... Hah!	Do you need anything? Or are you just here to chat?
I hate it when others underestimate me because of my size!	No one knows what's on a person's mind if they don't say it aloud. I do not like people who are roundabout.
"I wish you would compliment me for being honest rather than for being ""cute."" Not that I mind compliments like that."	What you want to nuzzle against my lap? You can keep your fantasies in your dreams where they belong.
Stop pretending like you haven't seen the new missions and get them done already.	Don't overexert yourself after returning from the battlefield. Relax.
I will not let your efforts go to waste.	We must face our enemies seriously no matter who they are.
This is the might of the J class! Regret your own carelessness!	Ugh... You will pay dearly for staining my dress! Know this!
Now's not the time to be taking it easy!	You are a halfhearted and lousy individual.
There is one thing I want to set straight with you; I'm not foul-mouthed I simply say what's on my mind. For instance... do you have a thing for little children?	But that's all right. You may fancy me if you like but if you don't then it's... not *not* a problem...
Now that I think about it we've been so straightforward that we've not even done anything romantic... But now at least we know each other better than anyone else. I say we let romance into our lives starting today.	Good morning! I knew you were looking forward to receiving my chocolate so you're getting it right now first thing in the morning. No point wasting time and coming across as indecisive is there? Here. Hope this motivates you to excel at work today!
I wonder if it is an acceptable thing to keep your secretary waiting like this.	I don't want any harm to come to Janus. Please take good care of her and don't try to take advantage of her kindness.
Your nose is practically buried in your paperwork. If you don't want to live in a blurry world I'd advise you to be mindful of your posture.	"When treating people the emphasis should always be on the ""people"" part. Administering the port operates on the same principle. Though it's fine to be absorbed in your work try not to neglect the people around you."
Did Janus say anything weird to you lately? ...Nevermind. She's a kind-hearted girl but sometimes acts without thinking. It can be a bit of a pain sometimes...	...Let me see your hand. Good there's nothing wrong with it.
"Surely you're not going to say that was an ""accident"" are you?"	What are you doing may I ask?
Leaving work unfinished is like allowing an illness to go untreated. By the time things get unmanageable it may already be too late. *sigh*... Why do people choose to be so irresponsible anyway?	Mission complete. Don't forget to look back on your work to see if there's room for improvement.
New mail has arrived. If you miss any response deadlines I can't help you with that.	Welcome back–– Oh my you have some scratches on you. You shouldn't be so careless as to put yourself in danger... I'll treat you right now so please stay still.
The commission's done. Make sure to wash your hands after carrying things or else our next meeting might be in the infirmary.	I do wonder if you're improving yourself while everyone else is getting stronger.
Remember to mind your safety even when you're fighting.	Is anyone injured? Please allow me to administer some basic treatment.
Careful now.	Nothing some emergency treatment can't fix!
Try not to get yourself hurt when you're out on sortie. It's going to be a huge headache for me if you end up bedridden.	Of course it falls upon me to look after you should you get injured... And while that's rather troublesome for some reason I do find that prospect quite appealing... I wonder if I'm coming down with some weird illness myself...
"Seeing as how you aren't a complete plank I suppose I can give you an answer. Taking care of you isn't something I can't handle... Huh? You want me to say ""I love you?"" Y-you idiot... Maybe we can save that for next time..."	Please try to curb your bad habits for the sake of your health. I'll keep an eye on you for however long it takes until all traces of them are gone.
You idiot...	You just can't resist doing perverted things can you?
You have a bunch of unfinished missions. Remember what I... *sigh*... Reminding you about everything has become a habit of mine.	Oh you completed a mission? Nicely done. You've proven your ability to commit to your duties.
You've received a new letter. Unless you have more urgent business I advise you read it now.	Look at you – you got hurt again! I'll have to use antiseptic. It's going to sting but you have only yourself to blame for that.
Is that all of the commission supplies? All right now it's time to wash your hands. Go on – put them forth and I'll show you how it's done.	The best type of victory is one without casualties.
Could you come see me again later today? ...No not for a checkup but rather for a d-da– Look you already know what I'm talking about. If you're interested then just say it please... Y-you idiot...	I thought a certain someone came here to slack off but turns out they had spare time and wanted to help out huh... I guess there's nothing stopping you.
I'm helping out because the Maid Team is somewhat understaffed right now. What about my outfit...? Is there something wrong about wearing maid attire while performing maid duties?	"Janus went to participate in the ""Maid Experience Day."" A real hard worker I tell you. If she runs into any problems won't you quietly lend her a hand? ...But don't bring me up at all."
Are you seriously going to stay here until lunch? I'm telling you now I only cook for my patients. If you're fine with that you're free to do as you please.	Huh?! Why'd the wind suddenly kick up...?! Phew that was a close one... Maybe I should just have you keep an eye on this for me? Just in case~
I'll be fine. I can still reach. More importantly where have your eyes been wandering?	Seems like the sheets aren't the only things that need cleaning. Let's put that dirty mind of yours through the wash too.
Since you have nothing better to do why don't you lend a hand and help me hang up the rest of these sheets? Surely you didn't come here just to watch me work?	As a maid I am able to take care of you even when you are not ill yes? ...Not that I care though. I'm not interested in becoming your maid; it was merely a thought experiment... Yes nothing more than that.
If being cautious is considered cowardice then shouldn't being brave also be considered recklessness?	There is no single solution for everything. Only through comparison practice and even failure can one find their own correct answer.
What's the matter? I'm just thinking about how to manage the fleet.	Your new missions have been sorted. Please take a look.
Rewards are here... Hmm? Don't worry. I'm just thinking about how to make our fleet more efficient.	Stop daydreaming! Commissions have returned!
Should we consider advancing deeper into enemy territory?	All ships charge forward!
Is that it?	All ships retreat! Do not make meaningless sacrifices.
I've been waiting for this moment!	You might as well just leave the fleet management to me.
I was a flagship before but now I'm just a common warrior. Please treat me the same as you would the others.	Real leaders will always stick to their guns no matter who opposes them. You can tell if their methods are correct by seeing who is willing to follow them. For example... me...
Making chocolate by yourself is simple but when three people try to do it together the difficulty jumps up a whole lot. After all you have to consider the strengths and personalities of everyone involved... Though I feel like I've done a good job with that this time. Please enjoy this Sendai-class chocolate. Hehe~	Every now and then I get a bit jealous of Sendai and how straightforward she is...
Even though some people may think that cautiousness is a sign of weakness I'll be happy as long as our fleet truly understands me...	There's nothing wrong with wanting to see me dance... I'll show you but only if you work seriously first!
Rewards have been issued! Want to see something interesting now that we can take it easy?	I can always work harder for the fleet!
Everyone get ready! ... Press forward!	I only gave the orders the real credit goes to the fleet!
After we finish work today how about taking a break on the beach?	I said I was taking a vacation but even out here on the beach I'm still thinking about the affairs of the fleet... I really am a workaholic aren't I?
If you relax too much you'll become undisciplined. If you're too uptight you'll only find yourself out of breath.	You can't concentrate on your work when I'm wearing a swimsuit right? Hehe just consider this a test of will then.
Here iced coconut water. Please have some.	Even in fairytale-esque stories there are hints of deception and trickery hidden throughout. Basically make sure to stay on guard as you usually do...Hehehe
If you think about it the Big Bad Wolf's plan has so many holes in it. For example he could have left the grandmother alive and used her as bait... Ehehe I'm just playing around.	The moment you plan on striking down your prey is the moment you should be most alert. One can never know when a hunter might try to use the opportunity for their own benefit.
Speaking of hunters none are better suited for the role than Sendai. I really wouldn't want to make an enemy out of her even if it's just an act.	This outfit? ...Oh it's what I have on before I turn into the grandmother.
And checkmate. Hehehe~	Well done. I'll evaluate your battle plans for you just like you evaluated my acting skills for me.
Maybe I should gobble you right up.	Done with your morning prayers already? ...My apologies. Asking that of you is rather inappropriate on my part.
Bringing down punishment upon sinners—that is the sole reason for my existence. As for whether you will need to be judged or not it is still too early to tell.	Because I am one who judges sinners in a sense I hate everyone. All humans are born sinners after all.
Why did you stop working? If I'm not mistaken you still have missions to take care of...?	I am not here to judge whether your actions are good or evil. Rather I am here to judge your existence itself.
Is something the matter?	...Accept my judgment.
Your missions have arrived. Whether or not I pass judgment upon you depends on your progress.	The rewards for your missions are here. Take them without succumbing to greed.
It seems there's some new mail for you. Let's go check on it.	I shall judge the results of your battles on behalf of the Holy Iris. ...Well done. That was a magnificent victory.
The commission fleet has returned. Such is the Holy Iris's will.	As the Holy Iris wills.
In the name of the Vichya I shall bring down punishment upon thee.	It is time for you to repent. Your life shall continue no longer. Soon your remains shall become the foundations for our victory.
This is merely a trial under the guise of defeat...	I deem thee... Guilty!
So long as my wings don't break...!	"Please don't force me to carry out my ""duties"" upon you. That would only make everyone sad."
"My duty here is to ""battle"" not to judge right? Do not worry. I shan't do anything that causes you worry."	My duty here isn't solely to battle but also to get along with the others at the port? Understood. If those are your orders as the leader of this port then I shall see them done.
"Don't just try to get along with the others but also try to have fun...? But for me having fun means doing my ""other"" job... Heh just kidding. I had fun watching your reaction just now. Ehehe."	I swear upon the name of the Holy Iris that our vows shall hold us together evermore. ...And with that I am no longer fit to pass judgment upon you but that's just fine with me. I'll just have to make good use of my newly-acquired qualification to love you instead. Hehehe.
The Holy Iris upholds Valentine's Day as a day for those in love. It's a day for lovers to be a bit more romantic than ordinary – which is to say it's a wonderful day. If you try to make a move on me I will be understanding. Heehee.	Are you curious about the Sacrament of Love? Of course I don't mind sharing with you—In order to make it easier for you to understand why don't we go on a date?
The Independence-class... I don't think those girls understand the Holy Iris's will but they sure fight well.	While I may no longer hold the qualification to pass judgment upon you I am still qualified to continue observing your actions. That's the duty of a secretary ship after all. Hehehe.
What is it? Did you need something from me?	Hehehe...
Whether or not I pass judgment upon you depends on your progress... Just kidding of course. Let's work at a reasonable pace.	There is no need to fret. I am very well aware that all your battles are magnificent. What need is there for me to pass judgment?
Accept this divine punishment.	Were you planning on freeing me from this spell? Then I suppose you're prepared to lock lips with me. Even though I'm already awake um... that's just part of the ritual.
Welcome back. What role will you be playing today? A dwarf? Or are you... my prince in shining armor?	If I end up being hunted down I'll fight back with all I've got. That's the best way of ensuring my survival.
I won't drop dead from eating a poisoned apple or two. Unlike you I'm built pretty tough.	"Seven dwarves""...Hmm. Why don't we ask the Manjuus to play that part?"
You know I never expected Algérie to play a part like that. Though I didn't expect to be playing the role of a princess either.	You want to be my prince? That's fine with me.
You're acting just like a famished wolf right now hehehe.	We've received a new mission. How should we proceed?
My little mirror told me that you'd be arriving shortly. ...Hehe that's a joke of course.	Do you feel refreshed? Even without a holy ritual the Iris would be happy to know that I've managed to soothe you with this bath. Was it not enough? Then... Shall we go back in?
Welcome back. Why don't you cleanse yourself before going to your office?	Am I having fun? Yes I'm quite enjoying this relaxation and the thought of crushing our enemies. What about you? Are you enjoying yourself?
Don't fret over my wings. The sacred symbols made manifest by the Sacraments are cleansed not with water but with one's faithful heart.	As long as I am here you won't commit the great sin of peeping. Though I wish it was thanks to your own restraint instead of my surveillance...
I hear that a hot spring amidst the extreme cold elicits more gratitude than one amidst heat. Perhaps pleasure that takes advantage of one's weaknesses is the most terrifying of all.	Phew... Praise unto the Iris for leading me to this wonderful bath.
Heehee. Is a steamy bath not enough to satisfy you?	La Galissonnière was kind enough to deliver your new mail. Would you like me to hold on to it for now?
Loath though I am I shall bare my skin too. Just as with the Holy See's edicts the rules of the bathhouse must also be upheld.	The commission team has returned. Shall we take hot springs souvenirs to them as thanks?
Things seem to have warmed up a bit. Good.	I want to be brave... But it's really hard...
please be gentle... I'm very susceptible to pain...	What? A mission? I don't mind as long as we aren't fighting submarines...
I don't need any rewards... just being here with everyone is enough for me...	I'm really hoping this war will end soon... Once it's over let's all go someplace together...
I'll... try to work harder...!	Phew... I almost got hit... *Sob*... I don't care about being the MVP... I'm just trying my best so I can come home in one piece...
Me too! I-I'll give it my best shot!	I'll need some getting used to my improved gear... but I swear I won't be a liability!
Seeing how the rest of the fleet fights gives me goosebumps... I hope I can be like them one day...!	San Diego is leagues better than me despite being my little sister... No I can't think that way! I have to keep working at it!
Is this a reward for the work I've done? Aww thank you!	Eep! P-please be gentle with me...
I'll probably be fine even if submarines show up...	This swan is so soft and pettable... Heehee it even let me put a ribbon on it. Now we have matching looks... Huh? You could take a picture of us? I-if it's not too much work then please by all means!
Having seen your gentle side and petted these swans it feels like my scaredy-cat self is no longer you know? Heehee.	Thank you for telling me I look good in this! San Juan really deserves credit for helping me get through my anxiety preparing for this date including picking out this dress.
Not only do I get the date of my dreams but I also get to be in a picture just with you... I'm an extremely lucky person aren't I? Aw gosh...	Aren't these frills pretty? I really like them too...
That's quite a lot of mission rewards! This should be enough to buy gifts for San Diego and my friends.	I'll do everything I can to make these peaceful days last forever...!
Heehee. The swan is happy for us.	Uh that... it looks like Jersey wants to play with me...
What! ...Pasta...? Th-There's none. Can I decline?	I wonder what the rewards are... They must be nice!
I didn't cause anyone any trouble did I?	This isn't good... after all...
Um... That... Juno giving her all!	This crown? It's just a decoration. But if I'm Princess Juno will... will you be my prince?
An in-inspection now...? Um... I had a little too much to eat at the festival... Awawa! N-nevermind!	Umm next time we should invite Javelin to the festival... I'm sure she'll make things even more lively.
This festival has reminded me of how wonderful the Sakura Empire is. There's even so much good food~	That was a rich full day. Now how about we go on a date somewhere?
I trust you brought my favorite just ❀like always❀...?	Hmph those girls need to learn to read the room...
My planes too...	The Marianas? I really... don't like it there...
Our first time together? I know it was ❀back then❀ but how could you not remember...?	No! There's nothing wrong with me! I'm not sick! I'm not! It's just everyone else... why don't you remember!
Ju-Juno you don't need to be concerned about me... I've been in this longer than you...	I sank I-60? That's not...
"My name is ""Jupiter""... not ""Cupider""..."	I hope I'll... get to come home some day...
Do we really have to do this...	Don't worry Juno. The mission has been completed.
Our resources have increased...	I feel like something's changed...
This is God's judgement... Hehehe...	I wasn't expecting this...
A-are we retreating...?	P-please don't dodge this...
I'll be fine on my own...	I made these chocolates with Juno's help... Um I couldn't do it myself... sorry...
Please um have my Valentine's chocolate... I asked Juno for some ideas and settled on dark chocolate. It's... It's supposed to be good for your health so...	My torpedo pillow...? Hugging it... makes me feel very safe...
I heard a rumor that a certain Ghost of the Eagle Union and a Demon from the Sakura Empire are interested in this show too.	Eek! You you scared me...
You're just in time. The show hasn't started yet...	Getting stronger isn't a spectator sport. Let me at 'em already!
"Those puny carrier aircraft are ""strong?"" Nonsense. What's more isn't it utterly insipid to fight without your own two hands?"	Amagi is a worthy rival and the one who I respect the most. Even if you asked me to be her support I would have no objections.
... Let me get a shot in first if you're going to do that!	Missions? If it's not combat-related don't come looking for me.
Mission rewards are here huh? I'll go grab 'em. I could use a bit of exercise.	Catch it's your mail.
Nothing is more exciting than defeating a strong enemy don't you think?	A commission has been completed. Speaking of commissions are they any fun? I'd like to give 'em a try.
Ahaha! I won't disappoint you!	A strong enemy? I'm looking forward to it. Don't let me down!
Too weak! Come back and face me again once you've had some more training.	Kuh! I'll remember your face...
Only the strong have the right to stand on the battlefield!	Not bad! You are worthy of facing my full power!
You aren't one of the strong that I seek.	Realize your weakness is nothing to be ashamed of as long as you work hard to become stronger.
Why do I wish to become stronger? Does that really require a reason? If I had to choose... it would be to defeat Amagi.	I sometimes feel like I can only become stronger through following your commands... Hehe it's not a bad feeling though.
To be able to trust someone who always has my back to be able to fight without reservation... this has always been my dream! And for that someone to be you what more could I ask for?	I cannot believe she convinced me to take part in this bizarre holiday... Here just take it... What are you talking about? There is nobody else for me to give this to!
"That ""sister"" is giving you trouble huh? Heh. That you can handle this so well really shows how gifted you are. Whether it's chocolate making or fleet management you've got a lot on your plate."	Here chocolate. Whether you take it now or later doesn't matter but you can't put it off forever. Got it? Good... I've waited long for this day. Try it all you want but you're not getting off the hook. Hahahaha!
Here's your Valentine's chocolate. I do like making chocolate with my sister though I can't say the same about her simplistic approach to this whole holiday. It's true we both fancy you but only one of us will relentlessly pursue you – me. Remember that.	Heehee... My prey has finally fallen right into my waiting hands so I hope you don't think I plan to let go... You and I are going to spend a nice long day together. Call it a date if you'd like; either way you're stuck with me.
Justice and righteousness are for the strong only. The weak can only weep in vain.	I shall conquer all no matter who stands against me.
Our enemies may be strong but that is what makes them worth crushing. Heheh...	Is there a problem?
... Fine. If you say it helps you relax...	Here are the rewards the fruits of your labor.
Your mail is here. Try not to forget it next time.	A fitting reward for the ears of our enemies. Let us enjoy the spoils of war leisurely.
The girls on commission have returned. Go on ahead I will prepare some refreshments for them.	Not bad. I've come up with some new combat techniques.
Entertain me with your final struggles. Hehehe...	Such is the fate of the weak. Death nothing more.
This pain... I shall return it tenfold!	Only the strong may survive on the battlefield!
It's time for a death match! Heheh- hehehe!	It seems like you're not the hero I was looking for...
The weak will be eliminated. If you cannot accept that then simply become stronger.	Should you be defeated one day it simply means that you were too weak. That much is a fact of nature. Though... because you are mine I would at least avenge you.
I cannot comprehend these emotions... is this some sort of primal instinct?	I have so much I want to say but I forget them all the moment I see your face...
... Is this for me? Hm... perhaps it is fate for the strong to be drawn to each other. If that is the case I shall follow my instincts then. Hehehe~	When I think of giving chocolate to you I feel a strange uplifting sensation... I don't get it... Anyway here is my Valentine's present. Please accept it.
Take it. It's chocolate I made for you. While there's no way I can make you understand the passions brewing in my heart... I'm afraid if you don't eat this chocolate... Heh heh... then I'll just have to eat you. Hahahaha...	Here chocolate. Whether you take it now or later doesn't matter but you can't put it off forever. Got it? Good... You've heard I assume? About how I never let someone go once I've set my sights on them.
Here's your Valentine's chocolate. You don't have to eat it at once – I've got a nuisance to deal with. Tosa. Don't ask any questions all you need know is my feelings for you are still the same. Unless you prompt a change of heart that makes me devour you right here and now. Hehehe...	To hold one's hand and grow old together with him... If it is to be with you then it won't so bad.
Heh... Let's crush our foes together shall we?	Your expression... exactly the same as Romeo when he lost himself in front of Juliet.
Wearing this dress makes me feel different it's kind of strange...	It seems quite interesting to imagine a little about our future.
It is natural for the strong to be attracted to one another... lean close to me and do what you like.	You really like to touch me here don't you?
On occasion it is surprisingly fun for me to cook. We'll eat after you take a short break.	Hehe raise your head high and walk proudly with me. This is something to brag about isn't it?
Survival of the fittest...	No matter where I am there is no end to war.
If I sent these rewards to Akagi instead I'm sure she would be pleased.	The commission fleet appears to have returned. Sister shall we go greet them?
Heh... No matter what I wear my strength does not change.	Since it's the New Year you could probably afford to rest a little. I wouldn't mind.
Akagi your eyes make you seem like you're hunting for prey...	Forgetting about war and just enjoying the holidays... this isn't so bad every once in a while.
Preparing for the New Year sure requires a lot of stuff...	It's time for the star of tonight's show huh? ...Don't worry I'll cover for you even if you mess up.
Have you finished making your rounds? As I said we can always catch up later. There are many others who are still waiting for your words... But since you're already here might as well take a break if you want a change of pace.	The weak shouldn't push past their limits. You certainly don't want to end up like Yorktown over there.
It's not that I don't want to attend the party. If I'm to keep tabs on everything going on this is the best place to do that from.	You wanna kill some time? Hmph. Very well how about a round of chess then? I've been wanting to see how your powers have developed... Hehehe...
It's... just a little hot...	Hm...?
Here. I've brought your mail.	A victory huh? As Akagi's... as my sister's partner anything less would render you unfit for that honor.
The girls of the commission fleet have returned. Shall I bring some refreshments out to them?	1st CarDiv Kaga weighing anchor!
This is the judgment exacted upon the weak by the strong. Live on so that you may forever choke on the bitterness of defeat!	I never thought you'd end up taking such a long trip with me just to pick up a dress... Though I'm worried about leaving my sister behind at port I suppose I should take your advice and relax a bit.
What are you doing up here?! Oh it's you. I thought you went to see my sister? ...You needed a breath of fresh air? That's all fine but you should return to my sister soon before she does something mad.	Where am I from and where will I go... Terribly difficult questions indeed.
Grr~! Do not look at me so impudently! You're making me angry!	I'm bored~ I feel like going on a trip with my sisters
Hahahah~ You should take some time to properly reflect on your battles today~	Have you a need for me?
Missions are good milestones of growth. You should thoroughly check how much you've grown.	Rewards are the proof one is working hard. Here I brought them for you.
Mail is a bond. A bond which gives people power. You should pay heed to it.	There is no need to rush things just take a quick break.
There's still room for me to get stronger!	At long last it's my turn!
Phew! Now this is a victory! One worthy of adding as a decoration to my combat history!	What a disgrace! I will not forget this!
Light itself will bend before me!	I have no desire to see you anymore! Go away!
Light bending before your eyes - a heat haze is what my name means but it could also refer to an illusion... However I am most certainly here! I am not an illusion!	Although I lack any outstanding abilities I can confidently say I will be outdone by none other! How so you say? Hoho because I am the one and only Kagerou!
I thought we would only become close enough to bump fists I never thought our relationship would develop to the point we could talk while holding each other's hands... Life really is unpredictable. But I'm fine with that	"You wish to march together with me? ... What an outrageous question! You should already know what I think! My answer of course is ""yes""!"
Does this year's chocolate look like I made it with Shiranui's help again? Hah! Who knew not letting you see the process would come in handy like this? Naive one you should know that I can make this without relying on Shiranui!	I'm working hard so that my sisters may eat the most delicious pumpkin around!
A cannonball this is not it is a will-o'-wisp!	I will cover my smokestack with this pumpkin then... Ooh! Smoke is coming out of the pumpkin! Wait what is that smell... Oh no! I burned the pumpkin!
Good timing I just finished sorting your documents. Can you actually finish these?	If you want to say something just give it to me straight!
You made a mistake here. And here. Do I have to tell you how to do everything?	I wonder how Aoba is doing right now...
Are you an idiot?	Why you little... Hello? Could I speak with the Military Police?
So you can work hard as well huh? Here are the rewards.	Mail's here. I'm surprised you have so many friends.
Taking a break? Well... since you put in your fair share of work why don't you set the rest of these files aside for later?	The commission fleet has returned. Do you plan to sit here and wait for them to bring the resources to you?
I suppose I should thank you for this.	In any case I shall set the standard for heavy cruisers!
To think that you could do this much... I suppose I can offer you a word of praise.	Tsk... Can't you work a bit harder?
Let me show my true strength!	It seems that you'll never be able to earn my respect.
To make this pose put your hands here... What? You're embarrassed by me touching you? ...I'm blushing? Wh-what nonsense!	You still have a long way to go but I suppose you're doing well for now... Just how long do you plan to cling to me anyway? How despicable... it seems like you haven't learned anything yet.
You've been learning quickly lately... About that... hm... If you want to experiment with me I'm ready.	You've passed but just barely! This is only the beginning... there's still a long way to go! What about me? If you want to spend the rest of your life with me I'm ready!
Please accept these chocolates from me and Furutaka. ...I'd just like to point out that I'm not forcing Furutaka to do this with me. If anything Furutaka's the one who's the one... F-Forget I said anything!	You said you wanted chocolate made entirely by me without Furutaka's aid yes? I believe it came out rather plain but you're free to eat it all the same. It's odd giving you chocolate without Furutaka around... But being alone with you is nice too.
What do you want? Surely you didn't come to get lectured.	This is a step up from before but you still messed up here. Are you doing this on purpose to get me angry?
What am I writing? Your agenda of course. Without it you'd just slide right back to your old habits.	I'll be here any time you have questions.
Did you see that? This is the true power of our fleet!	You need to give me good equipments~ This way those mean aircrafts won't hurt me anymore.
Hurry up and check your mail!	My body is heating up I'm getting stronger! (flick sleeves) I feel so agile now~
The battle has started I have to behave myself~	Kalk is very lucky today!
Sigh... I hate it when I get injured so annoying...	Let's charge ahead against the roaring wind——
It doesn't matter I am very lucky. We should... should be able to survive!	"Try out my Valentine's chocolate~ Oh come on I promise there's no hot sauce in it! ""What about chili powder""...? No not that either this time! You have to believe me!"
Have some of Kalk's chocolate~ Is it good? Ehehe you're fine with chili sauce? I'm so glad!	I've successfully created a savory fusion of hot sauce and chocolate! It's hot yet sweet at the same time and I just know you'll love it. Give it a taste!
Hobby is so cute isn't she? I'd love to be as outgoing as her.	Want to come with me? Mhm let's head to school together then!
MVP? Hehe thanks for everyone's support.	Ah... We went over budget again this month...
New missions have been posted. Shall I add them to today's schedule?	Mission complete! Shall I take an inventory of the rewards?
Your fleet has returned from their commission. Should I join you for the inspection?	Enemy fleet spotted! Prepare torpedoes!
Phew... This performance... should be acceptable?	Ugh... I failed again. P-please don't dismantle me...
Yes the time is now!	Is there anything that I can help with? Please let me know.
I'm so glad that you are an approachable superior. I can't really handle short-tempered people.	To... to prevent you from harassing my sisters... I-I will... (blushes)
I've discussed this with Amazon before since the two of us are usually busier on Valentine's Day. But the sense of accomplishment I get from watching the Iron Blood's children grow and get better each year is simply irreplaceable. Plus the smile on your face when you receive their chocolate is priceless too.	In addition to my handmade chocolate I've also prepared you some healthy recipes if you end up eating too much. You may accept chocolate from everyone with peace of mind knowing I'll be watching your health over the coming weeks... N-no I assure you that's not just an excuse to be around you all the time.
Today's task list. I've taken the liberty of sorting them in order of priority. Please review them.	Data aside if there's anything else you'd like to know please don't hesitate to ask.
Such desk work demands a quiet and peaceful atmosphere. Well I suppose that means I should hope my sisters don't come barging in...	Don't you have more important things to be doing than staring at me or chatting with me?
Aha you've finally showed up~! Will we be doin' anything interesting today?	Hoho~ What about me's gotten you so interested?
Winners are those who hold out 'till the very end!	Hawksbill! That girl couldn't beat me but she put up a real good fight.
Those Fifth Carrier Division folks... they're pretty nice...	Oh? You need somethin'?
Well well looks like your naughty desires are starting to show themselves. How about an exorcism for ya?	Duties eh. How's about we go give it a look?
Hm? Payment for those duties? Right then take care bringing 'em here!	Mail eh... It ain't an errand from the Union is it...?
Look at you back safe and sound! Reward yourself with a sip of my nutritious drink! Hey now don't be shy~!	Guess the commission team's back again all in one piece. Hum hum splendid!
Yup I'm just oozing with energy~ Hoho~! Now I can go on another rampage~	Watch out for them submarines and torpedoes. Full speed ahead!
You see this? This is what years of experience looks like!	Ugh... Should've known I can't keep up like this...
Sorry ain't got time for one-on-ones.	My hobbies? 3 rounds of food and sleep and a bit of teasin' you. Hohoho~! That look there is what I wanted to see.
Ohohoho you must have a sharp eye if you've decided to retrofit me~ Now that I've been chosen I cannot afford to embarrass you. Now take a good and thorough look at this veteran's aspirations~	I went for a romp with some of those Mutsuki-class children but they proved no more than a bothersome bunch of pipsqueaks.
My wind chime? It quite strikes my fancy though it is a bit too large. Watch yourself so you don't get whacked by it!	Ah Haguro Ashigara and Myoukou... How I miss the days of watching over those younglings~
Being in the first Destroyer Division and being the first of my class it's only natural I also get first place!	Now then let us begin today's training.
Remember it's unwise to place too much faith into the numbers.	Making an expression like that... are you after some of big sister's rough affection?
Whipping doesn't actually hurt that much once you're used to it. Want to give it a go?	Oh? You seem fairly energetic today. Let's do some more training.
Oh my? That's not how you do it. Should I teach you the proper way to touch a girl?	Let's see what mission is up next.
Remember to read new mail as soon as possible. It's rude to make people wait.	The girls have returned from commissions. Please welcome them back in a timely manner.
It's time to see what we learned from our training... and make our enemies tremble before us!	Hmph so that's all they amounted to.
Tsk... Do we still not have enough anti-air?	Hmm do you want some lessons from me too?
Alright time for me to punish you.	Hey! What were you trying to do? Don't be shy... just tell me.
Hmm? I do you like you very much in many different ways... I'm going to teach you all kinds of things from now on... Hehe...	Did you want me to feed you chocolate? I'd make a point about avoiding prying eyes but since you made this request in the middle of your office during broad daylight I assume you're fine with whatever comes of it. Or perhaps... is this some kind of kink? Since it is Valentine's Day I don't mind entertaining your request but I hope you didn't expect me to do anything absurd like feeding you mouth-to-mouth?
You know I thought I had disciplined you plenty but it seems I cannot cure your passion for Valentine's Day. Although it's more fun this way. Heehee... Seeing as you're so keen I'll let you choose how I'll feed you – by hand mouth-to-mouth or any other way you like.	Ehehe... I have a feeling something good will happen today!
La~ la~ la~ When is the next battle?	Is.. is there a storm coming?
Boring~ boring! How do you expect me to stay quiet?	Nyahaha! That tickles!
Nya? Why do I feel so hot where you touched me...?	Mission~ Mission~ It's time to make some money~!
Mission complete! Hurry up let's collect those rewards!	There's new mail! I wonder who it is?
The girls have returned from commission! Let's go welcome back our money- I mean... the girls!	I've found the strength to continue exploring afar.
Let me show you my true power... Here I come!	Eh? I won?
Uu... I let my guard down...	I have a feeling this one's gonna hit!
I don't want to play with you anymore...	I don't like being cooped up in the house nor do I like that pesky Truant! When I look at it that way... isn't this my destiny?
"I asked my sister about it and she said that this feeling is called ""love."" It feels a bit painful but it also makes me very happy."	I feel happy whenever I think about you but I miss you whenever I can't see you. Overall I'm still glad that I fell in love with you!
Do you know the kinds of storms I had to brave to secure the ingredients for this chocolate? The old me would have been sent home with my equipment in tatters let alone be ready to make any chocolate. But I'm fine now! Here hurry up and try it!	So this year I made chocolate using only ingredients imported straight from Iron Blood! This could be the new standard for your chocolate moving forward so I wanna get you used to it. What do you think? Is it good?
Königsberg-class light cruiser – Karlsruhe.	I'll give any storm a good thrashing! Hyaah!
Did you call? If you want to play I'm down any time!	My weapon? ...Hyah! Eh? I look really cool? D-don't say that I barely know how to use it...
Am I carrying main guns again? ...Ah sorry I spaced out a bit...	Oh...! S-sorry did I hit you with my tail...?
Do you still have missions to complete? Please be mindful of the deadlines.	Mission complete~ That's one fewer thing to worry about.
The commission team has returned safely. Let's go greet them. Having that said I'm used to being in their position though not the other way around~	Hmm... Was I supposed to feel different...?
Anti-air combat... commencing!	This sense of elation is rather mysterious... Mm...
Ugh... It's hard for me to keep up with the actual warships...	I've brought the supplies!
It's just a scratch... Don't worry I can keep going!	I can bring you all the supplies in the world but you don't seem to be capable of using them well...
My rigging is a bit different from that of the other girls. Want to learn more...? Mm why don't you come take a seat on my deck then?	I often play with the little destroyers. Like this... I put one on each shoulder and pretend like I'm some giant monster or robot... Yes it's quite fun~
As a munition ship I may not be very useful in combat. However as long as you believe in me and cherish me... I'll try to be as useful as I can in other ways...! Mhm!	"Hnnnngh! S-sorry. I was on my way to deliver chocolate but I tripped and then it was gone... You say it's stuck ""between them""? Have you found it?! Thank goodness... Go ahead and eat it as-is if it's still good!"
You want to take me to the hot springs on our next day off? Really?! I'm so happy to hear that!	Milky Manjuu...? Are you talking about that drink that used to be popular? I can make it if you'd like.
...Mm... Nnh... S-sorry this sometimes happen when I listen to the windchimes... Zzz...	The munitions I brought paid off~
If there's anything lacking about these hot springs it's the fact that this place is too small... If you're not careful it's easy to slip or to bump into various things...	A nice bottle of milk after a refreshing soak really hits the spot~ Let's get another bottle later~ ...Um I knocked the first one over when I slipped earlier...
Shall I... wash your back for you?	Th-they're pretty heavy right...?
I've kept the fresh milk in the fridge back there. After you've finished bathing please feel free to help yourself~	Oww... My luck isn't so good today...
Being a maid is a lot harder than I thought... I can do physical labor and simple chores just fine but deep cleaning never goes well.	How did this happen you say? Well um... I'm not too sure myself. You say this doesn't normally happen? Ooh...
The ingredients are on the shelves and the snacks are in the fridge. There's cold milk in there too so feel free to help yourself.	Honestly it's really hard to maintain this posture. Umm b-because they're really heavy... *blush*
Oh I... c-can't get out this way either...	Hnnngh... Mail's here! I had to struggle to pick that one up!
Nnngh! Haah haah... I just can't get out. They said this store was built well but this isn't especially reassuring is it...?	The commission team is back! Uh umm... I can't exactly greet them like this can I...?
Want to see how a maid fights? Get ready!	Phew... I'm glad I took extra-special care to avoid messing anything up.
Honestly this outfit is more suited to service than combat...	Kasumi can see lots of things that others can't like Foo here for example. Kasumi saw that Foo was all alone so we became friends.
Foo is my good friend. We're always together.	It'd be nice if Foo could get the mail...
Foo is Kasumi any different...?	Foo let's do our best?
Foo we did it.	Foo make sure to... protect the others.
Let's do our best everyone.	Kasumi... is very strong when she gets serious!
Foo can't handle being around lots of people so Kasumi also dislikes crowded places...	Foo told me I have to make chocolate for Valentine's Day... So I made this Foo-shaped one. It looks sticky? No it looks like Foo.
Kasumi thinks that her outfit has gotten a bit breezier. Foo said the same thing.	Hello. Foo and Kasumi have been waiting for you.
Kasumi is here so Foo is never lonely. And Kasumi has lots of friends so everything is good.	Kasumi wants to help people. Foo does too. We're gonna try to be as helpful as we can.
Kasumi has more energy than before. If you feel tired just sit next to Kasumi and rest.	Shiranui became a friend so Foo isn't scared of her anymore.
Warm and comforting clothes... Warm and comforting red bean soup... Ahh I love New Year's.	The mochi inside red bean soup... is delicious and fun to play with. Seconds please~
Miss Ghost would you like to be friends with Foo? ...Huh? You aren't really a ghost?	Foo you want to eat some mochi too? ...I'm not sure that's possible sorry.
My bag is unzipped? Must be one of Foo's pranks. It's definitely not because Kasumi left in a hurry.	Foo follows Kasumi everywhere to and from school and even in class.
There are will-o'-the-wisps around port... Maybe Foo can befriend them.	I wish Foo could help me with my homework.
You're giving a speech at the opening ceremony? I wonder what you'll talk about...	If you want to keep me company so badly... Well I just happened to not have anyone to talk to so you'll have to make do! In any case let me start by telling you about my favorite kind of azalea––
Skip bombing? I must admit it was quite an imaginative tactic. The Eagle Union was even able to give one as cute and strong as me a headache! Ahahaha!	If you're tired just let me handle the paperwork. Nobody would notice the difference if I forged your signature... Ah uh that was obviously just a joke!
I left half a cake for you on your desk. Why only half you ask? Well that's because... I already ate the other half! Ahahaha!	What's the matter? Oh you need me for something? Well seeing how earnestly you're beseeching my aid I have no choice but to at least consider it~
You think you can mess with my heart just by patting my head? How naive! ...If you remember to keep it up 365 days of the year maybe you'll have a shot.	Hrrrrmm... Don't tell me you still have unfinished missions lying around?
Quite satisfactory! With such abundant rewards you'll be able to further expand your scope of work and have even more missions assigned to you! But... Hehe are you able to shoulder that immense workload?	New mail has arrived! Now then is it something important? Perhaps a mission notice? Or maybe...? Darn it hurry up and open it up already~
Ohh you're back! So like something totally weird happened while you were gone. A little bird got lost inside the office and it was really hard for us to guide it back out~ Your place seems to be really popular with the birdies–– Hey are you listening?	The commission rewards are in~ I'm only responsible for informing you though you'll have to carry the goods yourself~
Mhm that's more like it! I'll offer you some words of praise for recognizing my worth!	Harrumph! With me at helm victory is already assured!
Oh~hohoho~ How could you absolute nobodies hope to win against the might of a true aircraft carrier such as myself~	We lost?! Even though I did everything I could?! Ugh... How could things have gone so wrong??
Pay close attention to this!	Are you really going to let your all-important aircraft carrier get hit like this?!
How many times have I had to explain this to you before? I can do everything that an aircraft carrier is supposed to do but I can't do anything outside of that because that's just what I used to be!	"You know how in those books if there's someone on your mind it normally goes something like ""your face gets all red and you can't find the words to say?"" But like in my case I just can't stop talking at all... Ah! I get it now! I'm not the one who's nervous you are! ...Hey are you listening to me?"
You keep squirming away from me but today I'll make sure you absolutely listen to every single word. Got it? Good! Ahem! I Katsuragi am bound by oath to you and swear to always be at your side through joy or hardship! ...Mm excellent. Now it's your turn to repeat that back to me!	One document two documents three documents... What am I doing? Seeing how there's nothing for me to do at the moment I thought I'd count your files to pass the time!
So tell me what is this super important ultra difficult mission that you cannot entrust to anyone but Katsuragi?	Hwaah?! D-don't you know that you need to give me time to prepare myself before doing stuff like that? *blush*
Uhhh... So how far are we into those 365 days? Well seeing how I can't remember let's start over from day one.	Oh~ho~ho! With you commanding from the rear victory was all but assured!
You came here looking for someone to talk to right? I suppose I can keep you company then but you should make sure you go around and deepen your bonds with everyone else too! ...Except Junyou watch out for that one!	"When the fireworks climb high into the sky and go ""kaboom"" I can feel my excitement doing the very same thing! Ahahaha!"
Missions? Can't you let it rest for a day and just enjoy the day off??	Excellent! With these earnings we'll be able to eat as much as we want... Well yeah I know that! We need to share with everyone else too! ...B-but I'd be really happy if you treated me to a little something... Please?
Victory is mine! That's how a real carrier does things duh!	Just another uneventful day.
I like fishing. When fishing you can just clear your mind and not think about anything.	Shells are weapons to silence one's enemies with. That's all they are no matter how you sugarcoat it.
If there's something you're wondering ask Jintsuu. I'm... if I must say I'd say I'm more like Sendai.	Pretty cheerful gang you've got going with this fleet...
How I feel about secretary work? Work is work I don't have any preferences. Secretary or not I don't care.	... Now you've really done it...
New mission's appeared. ... What? Do I have to make small talk with you?	Mission rewards are here. Let's see if they were worth the time. But first accept them.
Mail for you. Me? Not a fan of the stuff...	What happens when the battle ends? The next one begins that's all.
A commission's done. Don't forget to read the report.	Getting stronger... feels okay.
War... war never changes.	The Solomon Islands... they call for me...
I'm still... afloat. If that's good or bad who can say...	Relax. I will end this in an instant.
This pain... isn't enough to distract me!	In war there is no right or wrong no beauty or ugliness. This is true for both ally and enemy.
Have you not experienced war too? Then why do you still believe in fairy tales like justice love or harmony...?	I abhor the stupidity and naïveté of those who refuse to face reality and continue shouting about their hopes and dreams. But you're not like that... are you?
"Your dreams will come true if you don't give up on them""... Hmph what a trite answer. But if that's what you say..."	I'm astonished that I'm doing this with you... We've been together so long that your wishful thinking has rubbed off on me... And for doing so you'll take responsibility won't you...?
"I've finished my preparations. Though I am still a bit worried I've left the guardianship of the Great Fox to my Yamakaze and Umikaze just as I promised to you. If only I could share the same desire for this ""Valentine's date"" that you speak of... I mean um... I was really looking forward to it but um..."	Shall we go on another Valentine's date this year? I'm amazed that days like today have become so commonplace to me. It's not bad but it feels weird to think about... Well I'm sure that accepting these emotions is part of enjoying Valentine's.
This must be the dream you've awaited so eagerly... Of course I vowed to be with you to the end of our days. I shall take my rightful place beside you and your wishful thinking. We are... together.	This must be the dream you've awaited so eagerly... Of course I vowed to be with you until the end of our days. I shall take my rightful place beside you and your ideals. We are... together.
Today is another day devoid of change. But nothing needs to change if I can happily remain by your side.	I want you to pay Lady Nagato a visit from time to time. There's little I can do to ease her loneliness but I believe that you can. Don't you worry I know you'll still come to see me as well.
The same sword that takes lives can also save them. It is my goal to become that: a sword that protects.	You must not fixate on only either brains or brawn. The ideal leader is both wise and strong. Ahahah here I am paraphrasing Naka.
How I feel about secretary work? Work is work that is all. I will gladly do anything for you.	It's humiliating to watch the other girls get ahead of me...
What is it?	You have new missions. Shall we have a casual discourse while you review them?
Mission rewards are here. Hopefully they'll have been worth our efforts.	When the fighting ends I will always be here waiting for you. Put your mind at rest.
I fight... for the one I love!	"Your dreams will come true if you don't give up on them."" They will so let us make them real. I swear it to you upon all my being."
Today might actually be an eventful day.	On the battlefield you swing your weapon and defeat the enemy no more. Thinking about other things comes after the battle.
Seems having some cheerful people by your side might not be so bad.	Do you like kendo too? I'll work you to the bone to make you good at it. ... Huh? You don't wanna do it?
Phew... I was considering chopping off your hand had you gone any further.	I like being alone in my own room. What exactly do I do in my free time? ...I'm not telling you.
You're on duty so no chit-chatting with me allowed okay? ...I mean if you feel really lonely then maybe...	I like the satisfying toot-toot noise that recorders make... Do you wanna hear it? It'll have to be later not now...
You'll be cursed for this...	I'm not a pet so don't treat me like one...
Look at all these unfinished missions... You should really do something about them.	Mission complete. Wonder if I'll get a reward for my efforts...
The commission team's back. Don't forget to say hi to them... Me? Uhh I think I'll stay right here.	We can win this... Right?
It'd be great if we could keep winning...	Ugh. I'm really out of it today...
I wanna get this over with...	Watch beneath the waves...
I guess we're all fated to be alone. You me and everyone else...	You want to be friends with me? Okay but if I find out you're planning something bad... then I'll never talk to you again.
You're not a bad person so we can be friends... Do I wish I had more friends? I'm... not gonna tell you.	I think... this is when you promise to never leave me. First you say it then it's my turn... Hehehe~ Thank you. I love you.
This is the day when you eat sweets right? Then here you go. What's in the box? ...I'm not telling. If I did you'd say something weird and I'd probably run away out of embarrassment.	I've got you some chocolate just because I felt like it... That's all you need to know. What kind of chocolate? Valen– Err... No I'm not telling you!
Try to focus on your work. Unlike me you can concentrate even when someone's staring at you right? Hehehe~	Are you feeling a little lonely? Hehehe~
You still wanna hear me play even if I'm not good at it? But I'd rather not. Not when others are around...	I've practiced some more. I'll play you a song if you'll listen... On second thought maybe I won't.
Weird... I played pretty well just a moment ago but now I can't do it...	The name of the song I just played? I'm not gonna tell you right now. After I've mastered it all right?
You're so nice hanging out with me even after school... I'm not taking up your time am I?	Ugh... I lost track of the tempo because of that... Thanks meanie.
I'm glad we won. Hehehe.	Who is that launching fireworks over there I wonder? Watching from directly below seems dangerous but I bet they look prettiest from there...
Why am I out here all by myself? Because I get to be alone with... Oops ignore that. I can't tell you...	You're tired from swimming? Take a break here with me. I'll watch over you so you can even take a nap... if you want.
Umm actually I've been practicing a new song. Want me to play—Ack the fireworks! Maybe another time...!	I wonder where Shimakaze went... How can she not be tired after playing on the beach all day?
Does my swimsuit... look weird?	Huh...? Oh... *blushes*
You finished a mission. Is there a reward for me too...?	If you really want some ice cream... Wait you had it delivered with the mail? A-aww...
*blows* I'd better eat this ice cream before it melts... Would I get brain freeze if I just bit into it?	Errr Graciously overlook my poor armour and firepower please!
I forgot that Tigre isn't around...	I think I've seen ships from the Far East before... They look really strong!
Hmmm a new mission want to take a stab at it?	Mission rewards! Let's take a look!
Warning! Radar indicates a paper plane folded with the new mail closing in at high speed!	Welcome! I'm still full of energy!
Good! Your commission team has successfully returned!	Woah! Contestant Kent has become stronger!
Let's show the enemies our true strength!	Yeah! Contestant Kent is number one!
Ouch... Contestant Ken has been eliminated	Contestant Kent is sprinting!
I'm disappointed... We don't make a good team at all.	Greetings! Contestant Kent is here to hand you her handmade chocolate! I may not look the part but I'm still a small player in the Maid fleet so of course I'm great at making sweets!
Hello! Contestant Kent is here to wish you a happy Valentine's Day! I also have this wonderful treat which I worked hard on! Now as is tradition... Ahem! Master what would you like for dessert? Chocolate chocolate or perhaps... chocolate?	Huff puff... There... Ah I just thought I'd write something on the window.
I'll show no mercy to anyone that tries to harm you. Assisting you and protecting you are one and the same to me.	Growing flowers are way beyond me. The only plants I can be trusted with are cacti... They can survive even if you neglect them.
I wanna come closer... Is that fine?	I love it when you pet me. I need more... Please?
Someone should claim these mission rewards... Is it fine if I do it?	There's mail for you. I think it's important. Are you fine with me fetching it?
Our commission comrades are back. Seeing all their smiling faces makes me envious...	We can't forego routine maintenance and upgrades. Right?
There's no ice I cannot break through!	Abandoning my comrades to save myself... I refuse to do that!
We're fighting on MY terms now!	Am I the cause of your sadness? Would you cheer up if I simply... disappeared?
Do you think I'm cold? Or unapproachable? That's something I want to change about myself but I don't know how...	I've made many new friends with your help... But you're my first and still closest friend. I want to get even closer to you. Are you fine with that?
Whenever we're apart or whenever you're about to leave my heart aches like it's being torn in two... I want to always always be with you. Will you stay with me?	Huff puff... There... I wrote your name and mine in the fog on the window. This looks fine right?
I never wanna become a cactus. If I could grow in spite of neglect then I worry people would actually abandon me...	New missions... They're not so tough when I have you.
Are you... gonna go claim the mission rewards? Would it be fine if I went with you?	You're back by my side again... Phew. Now I feel fine.
Just have to fight... Everything will go fine!	Please never leave me behind. I promise I will keep you safe.
I want to be the only one for you. Of all the girls close to you I want to be your most faithful one. When you look at all of us I want to be the only one you really see... That's fine right?	Seeing you here puts me at ease. I know this stakeout will go smoothly as long as you're here. Mhm all is fine.
My black clothes let me blend in but my silver hair does the opposite... The net result is that I stand out.	There's no one suspicious in sight... But we must keep our eyes peeled.
I feel safe when I'm with you and I don't wanna leave your side... It's fine if we stick together right?	Wonder how it's going for the others. Kronshtadt said to maintain radio silence which... I'm fine with since you're here.
Hold hands? Okay. Is this fine?	...They've caught on to us? Then I'll fight head-on!
All foes are down. Nobody spotted me. Job well done right?	Look who's finally clocked in hahahah! My trigger finger's gotten itchy so let's get on with a sortie already!
Tell me if anyone starts picking on you. I'll put them in their place! And I mean it for the most part you hear?	Hey Suruga! What do you say to going drinking with me and the gang once work is done? Figures always so antisocial... When people invite you you should go with it!
Something on your mind? I might be able to help you with it.	"Friendly friskiness"" is it? Hmm... Sure I guess?"
A new mission? If it's about turning hostiles to scrap I'll get it done!	We're wrapping up these missions nicely! Great!
A letter eh? If it's an open duel then I accept their challenge! Oh no duel huh...	I reckon we'll garner more fame by winning battles than by wasting time in port don't you agree?
That last commission was kinda mediocre... Still they deserve a congratulatory moment. Want to come with me?	Let's see how strong I've really gotten. Send me into battle!
Let's duke it out fair and square!	Victory's ours. Heheh now that was refreshing all right.
Dammit... Not enough firepower for the job huh?	Let's give 'em a dazzling show!
These guys are tougher than I expected!	I'm so tired of bosses that can't handle their subordinates like you.
Thought as much. I'll help you with your training then! Come on out of your room and into the fresh outdoors for some jogging! And later we'll do some sparring!	There's no fun in knocking a battle out of the park if nobody's there to witness it. Anyway once this work is done I'll go train with Hyuuga. After that you I and Suruga will go for a drink with Ise! Sound good to you?
People say you can push yourself harder if it's to protect someone. Then for everyone's sake I Kii shall become the strongest battleship... Pfft yeah right! Hahahahah!	I mean we don't need to go that far. We're already dearly important to one another aren't we? ...Don't worry I'll still accept it! And of course I'll keep on keeping you safe just like I always have!
Happy Valentine's! I wasn't sure whether to get you chocolate or spirits so I went and got you chocolates filled with liqueur! That's twice the fun I'd say. By the way I heard Suruga worked her ass off in the kitchen. Don't forget to tell her thanks later!	Look who's arrived early. Now then where are we going on a sortie today?
Say how about a little drink after the working day is done? Although since my drinking pals are coming along I guess we'll have more than just a little! Hahahahah!	Physical contact doesn't normally bother me but you clearly did that on purpose!
Come here! Let's fight to the last ship sailing!	Now this is a victory I want the whole world to see! Hahahahah!
Refreshing drinks delicious food warm sunshine... and a pool to beat the heat? Heh isn't this the essence of summer?	There you are at last. Want to get something to eat if you're hungry? Like dumplings or a rice ball or something.
"Hey Suruga let's go somewhere– Come on don't be all ""I like it indoors"" and ""I'd rather not draw attention"" just come out and enjoy the summer with us!"	Akashi sure got that vending machine and stall set up quick... She's ingenious but only when there's money to be made...
Why the hesitation? It's just a pool. Nothing wrong with just swimming together with me is there?	Want to head to that other area? I'll come with you.
Being punctual is a good habit to have so please keep it up.	Just what are you looking at? You ought to hurry up and return to your post.
If you are tired please take a break. If you were to collapse the command chain would follow suit.	For me no matter where I am or what I am called I will continue to fight on as long as I live.
I was born for battle and died for peace. Other than this fact I won't dwell on anything else.	What tasks are there?
Do you want to pay a visit to the court martial?	What is... the meaning of this?
Mission complete. However your work doesn't end there.	Strengthening combat effectiveness is also an important link when it comes to battle.
Prepare to meet the enemies.	This is a fine example of tactical synergy. Let's keep it up.
Strategic retreat...	Let's put this needless battle to an end!
Damage confirmed continuing combat.	The incompetent will be weeded out by time. You are no exception.
As long as we keep on winning will we be able to bring an end to the war? Rather than searching for the answer to that question it would be more practical to focus on winning the battles ahead of us.	"What do I plan to do after the war is over?"" Hmm... I've never given this much thought nor have I wanted to. However why did you bring it up all of a sudden?"
Recently I had a strange dream. I dreamt that I wasn't on the battlefield but instead taking a walk along the port hand-in-hand with someone close to me... Wh-what's so funny?	After discussing things with my sisters a bit I realized that if the war actually ended I wouldn't know how to do anything else... Eh you'd stay with me and teach me yourself... so there would be no problem? E-ehhh?
"S-so this is a promise ring... Really I never could have imagined that this would happen to me... However I'm truly truly happy from the bottom of my heart. Is this... the ""love"" that my sisters were talking about? Hey... don't laugh!"	I did the best I could but I guess I still don't know the trick to making chocolate. I'm sorry for how shabby it is... But next time I'll make some proper chocolate... I promise you!
I made you some Dragon Empery-style chocolate. They used to call it something different but I wonder if they still use that name... I should've looked into it but I didn't have enough time this year!	Mullany the secret ingredient known as love isn't a tangible thing but rather the feelings you pour into your chocolate... Ugh forget I said that! Just try it out!
There are many differences between the Eagle Union and the Dragon Empery but the one thing that doesn't change no matter where you are is everyone's desire for a better future.	Ugh... calligraphy is really difficult...
If you put things off for tomorrow you'll find that there's always another tomorrow. That's why you shouldn't put off today's missions for tomorrow.	"Every time I return to port I feel a wave of relief wash over me. Is this what ""home"" is?"
When I'm with you I feel energized and my productivity goes through the roof. Perhaps... this is your magic spell? Hehe~	Wales and Yorkie? It's a bit of a shame that they don't act more like cute little sisters but I am glad that they have strong personalities.
The Royals' cuisine is all bland? Hogwash. That's just an unfortunate stereotype.	Why do I have a mountain of snacks before me? Isn't it obvious? One cannot move on an empty stomach.
New missions eh? It would be ideal if we got something a bit more challenging.	A letter huh? Now then is this a challenge or a love letter?
There's some commotion by the port...? Oh it seems to just be the commission team returning.	Hmm... I suddenly feel like having a lavish feast.
Let us go forth and plant our banners!	Make no mistakes. I shall ensure both victory and the safety of all my comrades.
Do not be demoralized. Neither victory nor defeat are decided by a single battle.	The glory of the sun that never sets shall not fade!
Hmph how interesting!	My greatest hobbies in life are food and fighting. While I am more than capable of fighting alone dining by myself is quite difficult and lonesome. To be able to find someone who can share both of these things with me is truly a joyous thing.
Almost all of these dishes were prepared by none other than myself - and the chocolates are no exception. After all I wish to provide you with nothing less than a full Royal reception. What sort of host would I be without keeping my personally-invited guest entertained?	Valentine's Day is ultimately no more than an excuse to throw a dinner party. Having said that I have been looking forward to sharing a feast with you. In fact I've been looking forward to it for a long time. You'll get your chocolate later – for now let us have a toast to how far we've come on our journey!
Ugh... I'm expected to act more proper when I'm wearing formal attire. Can't even go around trying all the different delicacies what a drag...	Issuing tasks during our banquet...? Those folks sure know how to ruin the mood.
Let's use these rewards to decorate the venue.	Bad luck friends. You chose the wrong day to get in my way.
Hurry up and make today's plans.	You're welcome to inspect the other stuff but you'd be best off not casually touching my demonic raiments.
Somebody I can't stand? I guess that'd be Nagara. She's the– Whuah Nagara?! W-Wait don't get any closer! MMPH URMMMPHHH!	A new model of oxygen torpedo...? I say do get me one of those. I promise I'll draw out every bit of its power.
My cloak's pretty cool? Heh~ you think so too huh? ...Hey stop trying to slack off!	You want to duel me? Don't worry I'll give you a handicap.
Really? Are you trying to get me mad?	Don't go around touching my head.
Don't forget about your missions. A soldier must fulfill the orders of their superiors.	Accept these rewards. You've earned this privilege.
You look like you're in a good mood. Are you the type that gets motivated the more you work?	The commission team must be getting impatient from waiting.
I won't be able to test whether or not this strengthening worked outside of live combat.	Just bring it on already!
Make an enemy of me and your defeat is already ensured.	Even I have become obsolete...?
Don't even think about running!	Ahaha! Now you shall witness the form of a true demon!
Cowards shall never control a demon.	You may look like someone who is too gentle to hurt a fly yet you have control over this entire port. I'm a little interested in you.
I've heard that Yuubari is responsible for developing new equipment. If possible could you ask her to upgrade my equipment? For example starting with my torpedoes...	How about letting me treat you to a couple cups of sake tonight? Hah don't worry I just want to have a normal chat. Having a heart-to-heart over some fine spirits... what greater comfort in life is there?
Right then Valentine's chocolate. I am a girl you know. There's nothing weird about me giving you chocolate. You know?!	Here your Valentine's chocolate. You STILL want to try my handmade chocolate?! I I'm not gonna do that... No it's not like I don't know how I just said... Fine you know what? Next year I'll make you regret teasing me!
Why the nervous look? I said I'd make you chocolate and I'm true to my word. Nothing you say will stop me! Yes I nearly cut my hand a moment ago but that gives you no right to try to stop me! Understood?! ...Good. Do not underestimate this demon!	Behold my handmade chocolate! Worry not; my hands are unscathed! Hah! Who says you need a blade to cut chocolate? I realized that it was all too simple. This marks a great victory for ingenuity and grip strength!
Retrofit complete... Look forward to commanding the might of the demon ascended. I shall not disappoint you!	My oni mask? Ah it's on the other side now. With my self-evident power there is no need to flaunt such things.
This time I won't resign myself to obsolescence!	Darn that Aoba... With how she's always absent-mindedly flitting about what is she going to do when she ends up in actual danger?
This mantle was specifically made for me. See look here and here as well... Gah! ...Ahem! Sorry I got carried away. I just wanted to make sure you knew.	If you want to spar with me you'd better think thrice. One slip of the hand and it won't be just a flesh wound that we're dealing with.
Ugh... I'm still a woman you know! Have you no sense of decency?!	This is a true oni's wrath!
Grr! What are you here for? Speak up. ...Oh you just wanted to take a tour of the club activities? Sorry 'bout that I don't like getting disturbed in the middle of this kind of training.	Just finished my daily practice swings. Time to get back to work.
What Takao is doing can't be considered a club activity... No I didn't mean anything by it. I just do what I like.	Unless you are a genius you can never depart from the fundamentals. Even if you are a genius you cannot afford to neglect the fundamentals either. That is the nature of swordsmanship.
Prince of Wales and Repulse huh? ...Hmph. I'd never call them cowards.	Isuzu clearly is also an oni but she's somehow afraid of ghosts. Me...? Guh I suppose I can't deny that...!
These little manjuu hardly make for good sparring partners. How about taking their place?	Sorry but these riggings are the real deal.
Well? I've still got one card in my hand. If you want to win then show me everything you've got! I will not have you disrespect me just for wearing a silly costume!	Eyes on your cards idiot. This is not a staring competition... Wh-what? Are you hoping to unnerve me or something?
"What...? No I'm not ""cute!"" I don't consider that a compliment!"	You'd be an idiot to underestimate the demon.
S-so my costume is just that seductive huh?	Give me a minute I need to put on makeup... Just need to do like Isuzu showed me... There! I'm all ready now.
Come! I will determine whether your hand is good enough or not!	That's it? I've still got the demon card in my hand!
Dammit! You've ruined my tights and skirt!	Health comes first!
I'm not sure if Aoba is getting enough rest... Please make sure to check up on her!	Work hard play hard! That's the secret to a happy life!
Everyone! Stay alert protect yourself and don't be reckless!	Everyone don't let your guard down just because we won!
We need to call a meeting and review this performance...	Don't panic. Get into formation!
It's not like I care what you do...	Don't be too hard on my sister... She actually has a lot of guilt buried in her heart.
I don't really like lecturing people... but I've gotten used to lecturing my sister and you don't seem to mind. Eh? You actually it? Then... I guess I'll keep it up...	"(On your desk you found a box of chocolates on top of an edition of the port newspaper folded neatly. The back of the box reads ""My sister worked hard on this one so you should read it! Also enjoy the chocolates! Love Kinugasa"")."
Neither fate nor evil can hamper our ambitions!	The strong must always march onward. Holding the line is what the weak do.
Glory is what sustains and strengthens us and is what will leave our mark on history.	I march onward in the name of a tomorrow where everyone is safe and smiling.
You have mail. Read it through at once. The more comrades the better. Always.	A commission has been completed. We must head out and greet the returnees. Our comrades deserve recognition for their efforts.
This strength will further our cause!	To arms comrades!
Our advance will stop for nothing and nobody!	Gah...! I cannot and will not succumb until our ambitions have been realized!
Hear me! I am Kirov!	No! I am far far from finished!
It pains me to say but I no longer consider you my comrade.	I will always watch over you. Should you ever lose your way I will be the hand that shoves you back on the right path. Only look ahead never stop advancing!
To fight not just for your motherland but also for your soulmate that is what love is... I understand it now. Passion is the fuel of my fighting spirit. And as long as I have you nothing is impossible!	What's on the itinerary today? If there's anything that requires me to uplift the spirits of our comrades I'm all in!
...Having that said it isn't inconceivable that war devolves into attrition. In such cases we must be able to adapt to changes...	Let me tell you this— never underestimate the eyes and ears of the Northern Parliament!
Hmm... I would like you to be a bit more mindful of the rules.	One's individual leadership abilities are hardly as important as the will to stand side-by-side with one's comrades. In this regard you have excelled without a doubt.
Don't be nervous. Make yourself at home and relax.	Hmm I should find a way to improve my special blend somehow...
Drinking coffee in tandem with listening to music is the most effective way to combat drowsiness. Let us start with a song that kindles your fighting spirit!	The weather is splendid today. Perfect for some outdoor exercise. ...Change my outfit? All I need put on is a pair of shoes.
You want to talk about coffee? I know countless facts and trivia about it. Go on ask me something.	Here taste my signature blend of coffee. It has a dash of vodka to keep you on your toes.
Bystreye! Yet more enemies of the Revolution lurk in the shadows!	Did Kronshtadt flank our mark already? She sure loves doing the flashy stuff...
Come on hold on tight! We're about to blow this joint!	Drop your weapons!
Keep your eyes on the greater goal! Do not let our comrades' sacrifices blind you with rage!	Never overestimate your physical ability. That is a skill – one that has been built on the learnings of countless people over centuries.
Why not try this yourself Allen? Same for you there – yes the Sakura Empire girl. I'll reposition the bar for you so don't be scared.	Hah! Be awed at the sight of my athletic skill!
Look out! ...Phew. Be careful – a collision from this height seriously hurts.	I can hardly believe my new record made it next to your victory in the port newspaper... Actually that is something of an affront to you...
Eek! You scared me... I thought a wolf was coming...	I'm jealous of Mutsuki...
Being alone with strangers... is so scary...	Eek...! That feels... a little weird...
The older girls have returned... They look so happy...	Can I save everyone now...?
Planes... get away from me...!	U-um I'm sorry!
*Sob*... I don't taste good...	Mutsuki help me...
I'm Kisaragi... I'll try my best even if I'm not strong at all... Because... I love everyone...	Kisaragi... retrofitting complete... I want to be able to help everyone out more...
Everyone is really nice to me... Th-that makes me happy but I can't depend on them forever... I think...	I also... want to play with everyone else...
It's a new year... I've gotta try hard to make... um make ten new friends!	Y-Yuudachi can I also... join the snow fight?
I'm... gonna do my best!	Those who lead upon the battlefield must also carry their own blade... Worry not this one is not heavy at all.
My Akizuki-class sisters have always taken good care of me. I Kitakaze swear to meet their expectations and will work hard to protect everyone.	I prefer strategizing and leading from the rear over fighting in the frontlines... B-but I'm perfectly capable of fighting head on.
True power comes from the strength of one's convictions. It would behoove you to not underestimate my abilities!	Being small has its advantages... Heheh. For example don't even try to hit me in a game of dodgeball!
Hmm... The responsibility of cleaning up your conduct weighs heavily upon me but... please cease your crass behavior.	Let's check the mail. I have a feeling that something good has happened...!
Even after gaining power I Kitakaze shall keep a clear head.	The enemy's movements... are clear as day! Everyone follow me!
A single victory is nothing to be proud of. Let us prepare for the next battle.	Impossible... h-how did I miscalculate...?
My single strike shall seal your fate!	It's not wise to swim against the current... but we have no choice now!
Hmm you're curious about the little one...? Very well perhaps I will give you a demonstration when I get the chance.	I'm not... good with the dark. I Kitakaze shall slowly follow behind you!
Wh-whoa?! You scared me... What am I doing out here in the middle of the night? I was just trying to deliver your Valentine's chocolate... Um I wasn't purposely trying to walk through a dark corridor so I would appreciate some help here...	I'd like to make chocolate and give it to you as soon as the clock strikes midnight but I fear the dark. But that problem is solved as long as you're already with me! Wait it's already past midnight? Can I give you my chocolate soon then?
Ugh... C-could you please not stare so much...?	I feel safe around Yuugure. I enjoy playing and having sleepovers with her. I wish I had more friends like her...
I'm always doing my best trying to catch up to everyone... S-so please don't ever leave me behind okay...?	Hoppy is cute isn't he? Ehehe~ He's always there with me when I go to bed.
The commission team just returned to port. Umm... I think we should go check on them...	Hoppy and I think we got a little stronger...
I-I'm supposed to give orders?! ... Whuah?! C-come on everyone!	I-I got... first place? Y-you're... not just joking right...?
Ugh... S-stay away...!	W-we will do this together Hoppy!
I-I'm not going to give up!	Will we really be able to be together forever from now on...? That's great...! N-now I learned from Yuugure that... the next thing I should do is close my eyes and wait for you to do something right? O-okay!
"S-sorry to keep you waiting... Yuugure and I picked out this outfit together. She said it ""looked very Christmassy"" but it doesn't look weird right? ... Ugh..."	All these warm lights at Christmas make me feel at ease... I wish it was Christmas all year round...
Sometimes... Hoppy is on his own but we always go to bed together at night.	Y-you'll make my hood come undone... Ugh...
Well done on the last sortie. W-would you like a snack? I have gingerbread cookies and Christmas cake...	Have you had enough rest? The fleet now awaits your orders.
The only value of war is the peace that follows it. I implore you to never forget this.	I take myself too seriously? No you take yourself too lightly!
Horns? Oh these things? They're just decorations on the hat. I wouldn't look much like a member of the Sakura Empire without them right?	Wh-what is it!? An emergency!?
Hey you don't tell me you've been subjecting my sisters to such depravity as well!?	Do I need to go do it myself?
Excellent! We're one step closer towards our ultimate victory.	Adjust your strategies in accordance with the new information.
Good work out there. Were you able to achieve your tactical goals?	Phew... another trump card to add to my hand.
All units battle formations!	To be victorious is to be elegant!
Please rest at ease. This situation can still be salvaged.	Press the attack!
Now is the time to make our comeback!	You do not deserve victory!
Will Zuikaku be fine on her own...? Mm... I'll watch her from here. From this distance she probably won't notice me...	I've heard that people are most likely to reveal their sentiments at twilight... I wonder if you're also like this?
Since you've put so much effort into pursuing me so passionately it is only fitting that I give you the proper respect. Come you've earned my hand.	"(Kongou gave you a box of matcha chocolate treats. They go well with both western and eastern varieties of tea vaguely reminiscent of the refined lady who made them for you. She commented: ""Well? A fitting gift coming from me wouldn't you say?"")"
I'm used to always going out with my sisters so to be able to spend time with you outside is rather novel for me.	You're awestruck by my beauty? Hehe something as obvious as that needs not even be said~
You... perhaps you're going to need a remedial course in basic etiquette.	Good work in your sorties today. If you're hungry I don't mind splitting my dango with you.
Such a tasteless rabble!	Have you rested enough? Let's get back to work as gracefully as always.
This operating system is the fruit of Akashi and the others' hard work. Would you like to try it out... Actually I guess it's best if you don't. Hehehe.	This syringe filled with Manjuu plushies is an advertising prop but isn't it quite adorable? Hehe~
In a way saving lives directly like this feels more fulfilling than fighting enemies on the battlefield.	Oh? Would a different pose be better?
Walking with you and taking in the scenery is quite pleasant actually. Say how about showing me that vantage point with an apparently exquisite view Hiei spoke of earlier?	This outing has reaffirmed to me the reason why we fight – to restore peace to all the world.
Kirishima made this charm in her home economics class. It's quite well-made don't you think?	It seems the manjuus fell asleep. Heehee seeing their adorable at-rest faces somehow makes me think of my sisters.
Oh do I have a petal caught in my hair?	Excuse me have you even considered how you're going to explain yourself to the Morals Committee?
The fruits of missions form the foundation of victory as someone wise once said.	Splendid work. I'd imagine Haruna went off to see her clubmates... As for me? I suppose I'm doing the same this very moment my fellow going-straight-home clubmate.
It appears the commission team has returned. Shall we treat them to the tea I bought from the school canteen?	I excel in both theory and practice!
Ah the tailwind of victory. The very definition of envigorating is it not?	There is a number of school-related romantic things I hope to try at least once. For instance walking home with my beloved or making a lunch box and savouring it together... Oh silly me I've already done those! Heehee
Morning Comrade. I always warmly welcome one who practices punctuality. Hmm? The workday hasn't begun yet?	My comrades should be contacting me soon. Let me open my– Huh? Don't move! ...Comrade?! Don't you know to knock before you enter? ...You already knocked? Oh. I see...
I left a note on your desk with a summary of all of today's tasks Comrade. What? You can't read my handwriting? Fine then I'll read it out for you. Let's see... This says...	Who am I making such frequent calls to you ask? Be patient – you'll learn in due time.
I never repeat something I've explained before. The more information is repeated the greater the risk of leaks... Hmm? You didn't catch that? Okay as I was saying...	Strange... My transceiver isn't working. How am I supposed to contact my comrades now? Screw it brute force it is... Gah! It burst into smoke!
What's essential during stealth missions is that you leave no trace. What this means is: before you go in cannons booming you should first create an even bigger boom to distract from– Huh? That's not how you do it?	If you need my assistance just come forth and ask for it Comrade.
I will not tolerate you – or anyone else – mistreating me... Stop that right now!	"Comrade what are you... ""Returning my efforts with intimacy?"" I I see... You've quite the straightforward methodology. I'll be doing the same the next time."
I've compiled a list of all available missions. Strike them through one by one as you complete them Comrade.	Your efficiency in completing missions is quite admirable Comrade... Goodness you completed another just as I said that!
You have a new message. Read it and I'll dispose of the letter afterwards if it's of a confidential nature. I'll ensure there's no trace left of it.	Huh?! ...Oh it's just you. You put yourself in great danger by suddenly approaching me from behind. At least call out to me first... Don't be ridiculous! You didn't startle me!
So the commission team has returned. Exactly when the report said they would.	Who could pass on more firepower am I right?
Comrades! We march towards victory heads held high!	Hahah! Victory is determined not by random chance but by a cascade of certainties.
It's all my fault this happened! Dammit... I apologize for my poor judgment!	I've found your weakness!
Do not panic! Focus! Focus!	If you hope to gain my trust you're putting in quite a lackluster effort Comrade.
"So I did some research into your past before coming here Comrade... Oh please. You can infer what I found based on the fact I'm conversing with you right now and addressing you with the word ""Comrade."	One person can only do so much alone. I have my comrades to thank for having made it this far. Likewise Comrade if you need my assistance I'm absolutely willing to give it.
I have no issue giving something greater than intel to those I consider as trustworthy as you Comrade. But by accepting it you may be inviting danger into your life. Are you prepared for that hmm?	"Our relationship goes beyond mere ""trust"" as I'm sure you know Comrade. So ahem... Allow me to give you something purer more intense and unquestionably greater than my trust – my love! ...Wh-why are you laughing?!"
Oaths and ceremonies? I've no need for such grand wastes of time. We have but one thing to do once you've slid on this ring. Close your eyes Comrade and forever memorize what I am about to do!	Good to see you Comrade. I've been waiting for you. Th-the reason I waited here was uh... so nobody would spy on me. That's it.
I just received a call from my comrades. It was all good news. I'll send you the important details later Comrade.	You struggle to read my handwriting? Well if even you can't parse it that means it's a well-encrypted message. Ahahahah!
Thanks Rossiya. I'll put this screw back where it... Wait where did you find this?	My peers? Hmh it pains me to admit but this port is home to a number of people one cut above me when it comes to espionage.
Y-your boldness is a league above even mine...	I've compiled all the pertinent mission info. Get out there and knock them out of the park!
Mission complete. It delights me to see you giving it your all.	Ah Comrade? There's no reason to fear for your safety just over saying hello. By now I've grown used to you approaching me from behind. Ahahah!
Dammit I must've gone overboard...	Take this transceiver. It connects to a highly secure channel no one but you and me knows about. Use it whenever I'm not around and you need help have something on your mind want to go on a date or just have a chat. I'll be there for you anytime anywhere!
Listen up assholes! We have you surrounded! I'm Kronshtadt squad leader of the Northern Parliament Special Forces! You have only one option: come out with your hands in the air and surrender!	The perimeter has been secured Comrade. Should I brief you on the situation or do you want to see for yourself?
They've taken Manjuu hostages? God dammit then we've no other choice... Squad prepare to storm the building!	What's wrong with using indiscreet methods as means to an end? I quite like how much simpler this job is than information warfare.
It was a smart move to set up a barricade. This way Kirov's squad can catch any suspects that try to flee the scene.	Copy that... Arkhangelsk is on the move. It won't be long before this is over.
You turn the megaphone on with this button. Want to try it Comrade?	Well well. Time to test how sturdy these handcuffs are... by trying them on you. Heehee...
Arrest the suspects! Move!	Huh? Me takin' the battle seriously surprised you? Well yeah I get serious when the situation demands it.
Soooo bored... Hey could ya get Suzuya up in this place? I wanna chat with her about my next shopping trip.	Weeeell someone's feeling frisky huh? Totes fine with me. Go on touch me 'till you're content~
Ugh missions? You're probs better off hittin' up Suzuya...	Sooo tireeed... Oh crap! Hey unclaimed mission rewards! C'mon man!
You've got a new DM– Err I mean new mail! And don't go ghosting whoever sent it!	You gonna review that last battle? Aight cool go ahead. Wait I'm the one who's gotta do it?
Commission team's back yo. Don't got time for rhymes but let's go!	Sweet! This'll get me more time in the limelight yeah?
Enemies spotted! Guess we're rollin' up our sleeves and squarin' off!	MVP baybee! Hell yeah! Give it up for Kumano!
Payback's-a comin' ya hear?!	It's ass-whoopin' time!
I'll return to port if it's the last thing I do!	You're lame you know that? Not tryin' to be mean or anything just saying. Listen I've got a couple ideas for how to unlamify you.
You'll finally hang with me? Hell yeah! Wish you would've just said so from the beginning! Anyway where we goin'? Y'know just the two of us~	"Uhh ""I take you to have and to hold from this day forward""... How'd the rest go? Agh screw it it's too long and I'm makin' a fool of myself in front of everyone! You don't mind if we bail and go straight to our room right darling?"
Yo you payin' attention? Ya seriously don't get what it means when your girl goes outta her way to give ya chocolate on Valentine's? Lemme tell ya then. It means... she loves you	This is too revealing? Meh not really~? I've seen submarines wearing more risqué stuff than this.
I wanna see Mogami in a bikini! Don't you? I do at least! And you? Same right?	Candy? Nuh-uh this is mine and I ain't givin' it away! Hahahah!
Hah I knew this would catch your eye! You're like a little kid~	Hungry Suzuya? Wanna order home delivery?
Ahah! Is that your final answer?	You jelly Suzuya? 'Cause you sure look it! Haha~
Now I'm PISSED! I'm gonna beat the crap outta you!	Welcome to my unveiling! Now let's see how many songs you can last before you fall for me~ Hahahah
That's... Mikuma? When'd she become so damn hot and stylish? Sheeeesh... Even I'm swooning over here!	"This dance is like murder on your back. I'm gonna be recovering in bed tomorrow so go easy on me~ ""What're we gonna do then?"" Hang out duh! Ahah"
Ahah Wait 'til I start shakin' it around~	We've got mission rewards~ Anything catch your eye?
C'mon take a seat~ I'mma give those weary bones a nice massage! Heheh where should I start? Your shoulders or your feet? Tickle tickle tickle	I'm gonna evade all their attacks and dance around the– Oww!
Morning boss. I was going to leave you a note before I left but decided to just tell you in person after all.	I'm used to working solo. Even if it doesn't snow here I can still cover up my tracks... if I want to.
Hunters are loners by nature – only helpless prey form groups. I walk a solitary road for that reason.	Tactics? Those are a chore. I follow my gut instincts. Nothing can tamper with that.
Snow huh... I love when it snows. Makes it easy to cover up my tracks. It's as though it was made for ambushing.	Something urgent? I'll do it if you want.
What are you trying to do?	Why are you acting like we're that close? I don't get you people...
You need my help with this new mission? Fine you rest in the meanwhile. I'm not a team player.	Mission rewards have come in. Go check 'em. Everything that's there you've earned.
Left a letter for you on the desk. I don't care what it's about so check it yourself.	Oh you're back... Did you win?
Commission completed. Enjoy the job-well-done party yourself – I'll pass.	The thrill of gaining power... makes me crave more.
The hunt is on!	Ahh... The smell of gunpowder and victory. Just what I like.
Urgh... My hunt can't end in a place like this...!	I'll rip you to shreds!
The thrill of walking the line between life and death... Give me more more!	Stay away from me.
Swords become dull if not sharpened. It's why I still go back to the tundra and hunt like I used to – skills like swords need to be maintained.	I'm not so much a lone wolf I just choose not to get involved with people. I operate on efficiency and ruthlessness so I steer clear of cowards and weaklings for their sake not mine.
People say I'm cold but I just don't feel the need to pay attention to every little shift in other people's moods. Getting caught up in emotions is a waste of everyone's time.	Even though I've adapted to solitude I somehow don't feel repulsed when I'm around you. Maybe... Maybe you've rubbed off on me.
...You serious? You want ME the lone wolf of the tundras? Heheh. Let's see if you have what it takes to tame me.	Welcome back. What are we doing today? Work first of all? Fine. I'll wait here in the meanwhile.
Here to see me? 'kay. No need to cover my tracks... Truth is I wanted to see you too.	I do things my way... but if need be I'll follow your commands. I trust your better judgment.
The Northern Parliament's having a party? I don't mind liquor it's just... Ah forget it. I'll go if only to make you look good. When it's time for chitchat back me up.	Those white tundras and snowy valleys still hold a special place in my heart. I'd happily take you with me to see them sometime.
I'm right here. I'm bad at reading emotions so if you need something just say it.	It's time I taught you who's the hunter and who's the prey.
If you really must...	You've got new missions. I'll help you... in the way I know best.
Mission complete. Hah we're starting to look like a team.	*sniff*... I smell gunpowder on you but not blood. Good to know you're unharmed.
This steamy hot spring... is a rather novel experience. I left a spot for you so come sit down already – Wait why haven't you taken your clothes off yet?	...Am I cold? Not really. If I can handle an ice bath a hot spring is nothing. You on the other hand should be careful of the night breeze.
Seems the Sakura Empire has the most hot spring enthusiasts. Not that I don't want to bathe with them but as you know... I'd rather be alone.	The hot steam causes the cold air to fog up impeding visibility and making this an ideal place to set up an ambush... Heh. Don't worry. I'm right here.
How's the temperature? If you want I can turn up the heat using my rigging.	While I hate rubbing shoulders... I can tolerate you being around.
You want to get up close and personal huh? Heheh.	A new mission just got handed down. Go ahead and take a look – we'll have plenty of time to relax later.
I left your letter in a less humid spot. Don't want your important papers getting wet do we?	Where have you been? ...You didn't want to pass out from dizziness? Don't worry about that. Worst case scenario I'll just carry you back home.
There's no reason I cannot go into battle like this. The hunt is on!	Seems I'm still wet behind the ears...
I'm not afraid of being hurt. If it means protecting you and the others I'll take that bargain every time. Heehee.	Nnh... I'm fine. Today's document review is another behemoth. Thank you for all you do.
Believe in yourself. Your accomplishments in bringing peace to these blue seas are more than worthy.	Worry not. I am here for you.
"Tell me are you familiar with the phrase ""summary offense?"	I'm fine. Your concern is much appreciated.
Unfinished missions await. If there's anything I can do to help don't hesitate.	Back from another mission? Why don't you rest with a warm bowl of borscht?
Your mail has arrived. Why don't you reply to it while the feelings behind them still burn?	Welcome back. You got a little wet during that last battle didn't you? Best change your clothes before you catch cold. Here give me your hand.
The commission team has returned. I'll escort them back to port.	We must be ready for our next battle.
Fear me! Then follow my lead!	What a wonderful heart-warming victory.
It doesn't matter if I fall as long as my comrades make it out!	Can you take the heat?!
Ugh! I must... withstand this!	Perhaps I must discipline you as Chapayev would.
The port is chilly at night. You must have some reason for being here at this hour. Would you be willing to share why?	Fancy meeting you here again. Aren't you cold? I don't just mean your body; I want your heart and mind to be warm and healthy evermore... Heehee.
Isn't the moon beautiful tonight? You know... I only feel this heartwarming sensation when I'm with you. You've shared your worries and vulnerabilities with me... I don't want to take my eyes off of you. Heehee but don't turn to me; keep your eyes fixed on the moon for just a while longer.	Ouch! Sorry for making you wrap these bandages for me... Don't worry about me. It's better if we go all-out during these exercises. I'm used to this anyway.
Is something on your mind? I could... Oh. You say you're just daydreaming? I see... *sigh*	Back straight! Fix that posture! Head up! Heehee there! Now this feels more like an outing.
*blows*... Ack! I forgot to move the tea out of the thermos... O-oh ignore me! I don't burn that easily I swear haha...	I'm fine... Oh that's not why you're touching me? H-heheh... My mistake.
This is a rather paltry reward... Perhaps I should look into this?	Such a passionate celebration. It's beyond warm—why I'd call it downright fiery! Heehee.
...We mustn't retreat! Ours is the final line of defense!	Solving your problems and warming your bed are both my responsibilities... Haha! I'm kidding. I do it all because I want to after all. Oh? That's not what you expected the punchline to be? Well...
Though they say spring has come the wintry wind has not yet left. Be careful you don't catch a cold okay?	Oh you're curious about my bandages? I hit my head while I was decorating... Sorry to worry you.
The subtle serenity of life as winter the radiant merriment of fellowship as spring... The Dragon Empery's music is so delightfully expressive.	Speak up if you have any requests okay? Heehee!
Why not kick back and enjoy the music? There's no need to overwork yourself today.	Tighten up! This is a battlefield!
I'm glad this victory was worthy of celebration.	Can't sleep hm? Have some warm milk and put on classical music and I'm sure you'll drift right off. Today is a day to be with family so why don't I stay here with you until you're sound asleep? Heehee
Finally! You're back! I thought I was gonna rust up from boredom while you were gone. Gimme a task any task and I'll do it.	You lookin' to have some fun? You mean with me or my weapon?
Can't say I'm keen on planning stuff... It's like you make a plan but it always changes y'know?	Touch me all you want! As long as you don't mind getting hurt.
"Listen unlike a certain someone from the Templar Knights ""dirty work"" is my specialty... Wanna know more?"	These missions are a pain? Well sorry to hear that? I can't exactly do 'em for you y'know.
Here letter for you. Better read it now 'cause it's not my problem if you lose it.	Commission team's back eh? Cool then I'll go say hi since I've got nothing better to do.
Makes me look back on my days in Brest...	I'm lookin' for a fun time... Gimme one!
Ahaha! Now that was a lot of fun!	Oops I've been beaten... Just let me fight another time!
Disappear!	Hell yeah! More of that! This is getting fun!
Lookin' to be a boring day like any other...	I've got some of Dunkerque's handmade mousse cake! Here have a slice. Nah nah don't thank me thank the girl who made it!
My opinion on you? Hmm to tell you the truth I kinda like you. You wanna hang out and do something fun sometime? I mean we already have fun every day but still!	Hey guess what? I've got Valentine's chocolates for you! Boy it's always fun to race against other girls to see who gets to you first. Valentine's more like Valen-time of my life!
You guessed it – I'm here to give you somethin' of a bloody gift. Voilà! ...Hahaha! Spooked ya didn't I? Don't worry it's all just strawberry jam! Enjoy	What are we doing today? Why don't you gimme something to do before I turn to rust?
"You wanna know about ""that"" work? How do I say this... Let's just call it the ""Inquisition?"" What it means is... Hmm I really can't tell you after all~"	"Gotta say I still prefer working under Jean Bart rather than Algérie. Y'know it's that whole ""don't worry about anything other than slaughtering your enemies"" kind of feeling..."
Hm? Hmmmmm? ...Mmm... Well whatever~	"There's not too much of ""that"" kind of work to do at this port huh... Well as long as the Iris girls are safe and sound here then I can have fun without worrying about anything! Hehehe!"
I'm not gonna swim all day so I'll just skip the warm-ups. Should be no biggie!	I'll throw the swim ring at you if you get close to drowning. Relax knowin' you I'm sure you'll catch it!
We don't really NEED to swim just 'cause we've got a pool do we? Nothing wrong with just dipping our toes you know.	Hmm... Feels a little weird not having my hands full with something...
Whoa there trying to startle me? Sadly for you I saw that coming from miles away~	"Happy New Year again! So you wanna try sharing this ""cross-cupped wine?"" What it's not a drinking game? Welp I guess I've still got a whole ton to learn about the Dragon Empery's customs~"
I dig the design of this Dragon Empery outfit. Uh that's NOT an invitation for you to ogle me all you want okay?	I know! Let's meet up and do festive stuff with Dunkerque!
What's up? You thinkin' about finally introducing me to your family?	Watch it or you'll make it come off!
You can feel the festival spirit everywhere you look! Isn't that nice?	You're back? Thought up a good spooky trick yet?
Let's see what candy we're giving out! Hmm... You mind settin' this this and some of this aside just for me?	Putting on a costume and scaring people sounds pretty fun... So that's what Halloween's all about huh? Makes my costume choice seem kinda out-of-place though...
"Am I supposed to go ""meeoow?"	This lingerie won't stop me from gettin' my hands dirty if I need to y'know.
Trick or treat! ...Only kids go trick-or-treating? Who cares! Shut up and gimme candy!	G'morning. Hey can I sit down a li'l longer? This chair is just too comfy.
Could you NOT call me without a reason? ...You know what on second thought... If you're bored chat with me.	Why won't you let me sleep in the office? Because that interferes with your work? Huh... And that's a bad thing?
Hey show me what you're working on... It's just a bunch of random charts and numbers. 'Kay have it back.	If you can't find me in the office I'm likely out and about somewhere. Don't worry I'll be back before you know it. Probably.
You wanna hug this fella? Go ahead. Only a quickie though okay?	Geesh you're more daring than I took you for. Imagine that.
I'm not sleepy. That was just a li'l yawn... *yaaawn*...	A mission? Miss me with that. You'll be fine on your own anyway.
Mission complete. Why're you giving me that look? You're the one who got it done not me.	Here's your mail. No need to thank me I just picked it up on the way.
You're back! It's kinda boring when you're not around.	The commission team is back. We don't have to go out and meet them do we?
Hm? Am I stronger now? Doesn't feel like it honestly.	Ugh... What did I do to deserve this big-ass responsibility...
Zzz... Ahh I'm so sleepy. Is the battle over yet?	Welp we lost... This blows. I'm heading home.
I guess maybe I'll try.	Nuh-uh I don't feel a thing!
Ugh... I hate this place. I hate this place so much.	You follow a schedule? It's all about getting into habits huh... I getcha. Can you show me what yours is like?
Can't you you know ignore a schedule if there's a ton of work on it? ...No? A schedule sounds pretty awful then. Just do like me and do whatever you want~	Carefree as I am we're stuck together now~ Stuck together by means of this ring anyway. You're the only person I'll take orders from and I expect you to do me a few favors in return~
G'morning. What I'm putting in the paper shredder? Just your schedule for today. We're gonna have a good time instead	Need something? Wait... Now's a bad time. I've got urgent business. By that I mean: chat with me!
Since I can't sleep in your office I'll do it in your private quarters instead. Or is that also a no-go? Heheh if it is just say it	Need a hand there? All right. I could help you with... not much it seems. I'll just take a nap instead.
What I'm doing? Looking 'round for places we can go to on a date. Ooh this looks promising! Let's go there the next time you're free.	Mrmh mmh... Heehee payback!
This is my chance to shine! ...But I don't need to take it.	This looks kinda like a ball dress doesn't it? So make like at a ball and ask me for a dance. Whether I accept or not hinges on your ability to persuade though~
Garlic? Crosses? Those don't work on me... Those are meant to repel a vampire? Well then I'm throwing those weaknesses right out the window.	Seydlitz the key to acting is to fully immerse yourself in your role. You don't have to think about it too hard.
Aww come ooon. I'm comfy right where I am – don't make me get up.	When a human feels bliss that's when their blood tastes sweetest
"You're under my complete control and will always come back to me... Heehee I call this plot device ""the curse of Dracula's Castle."	You brought this upon yourselves opponents. Why must you make me spill blood?
*yaaawn*... Yeah what? Eating makes me sleepy. You're not seriously gonna do paperwork today are you?	Invite Seydlitz and the gang next time? I mean if you want their company do it yourself. You're the only person I wanna invite. Heehee.
Eww you're gonna drink coffee with that Tallinn? Here lemme educate you a little. See you're meant to have this with a cold glass of beer. Heehee	I'm eating so save the work talk for later. No food for you until your job is done okay?
You want seconds? I'll order some in a bit.	Sooo~ You saying you wanna eat me too?
Your food's gone cold. You gonna heat it up or end up burning it? Either way it's your move	One more to recharge my batteries! Nom!
Destroyer Le Malin is ready to take your orders at any time... *yaawnn*...	*Yawn*... Sleepy... I wanna go roll around in bed... Zzzzz... Geh?! Wh-what is it?!
Without firepower speed alone is not enough to defeat the enemy. That goes without saying.	So bored... maybe it's time to quit... Gah! I didn't say anything!
Dunkerque's handmade sweets... Guhehe... Ah I mustn't! I'm still at work...!	Being elegant... isn't worth the effort... Geh?! Wh-what do you want?!
Hyah?! Wh-what are you doing?!	I steeped this tea just the way Triomphant taught me. ...So you knew huh? Indeed it's just a normal cup of tea. Please enjoy it.
The others have returned. Let's hurry and greet them.	It wouldn't be right if I didn't work even harder.
The blade that protects the Vichya Dominion advances!	I've eliminated those who would stand in our way.
I won't admit defeat... I haven't lost yet!!	Begone!!
So strong...!	...... (Le Malin seems to have fallen asleep)
Destroyer Le Malin is both your secretary and the blade that protects the Vichya Dominion. Please give me your orders.	I I did say that I was ready to take your orders at any time but... there's just too much work after all...... Tired... Can't work anymore... Please let me go on leave...
I I can go home early today because I did such a good job...? Woah... Woohoo! Now I can head back and go to sleep! ...S-sorry I got a bit excited there...	God I'm beat... Why does making chocolate have to be so draining? Sure I only have to do it once a year but that one time is still a ton of work! Ugh wish my sisters would've given me a hand with it...
Destroyer Le Malin... *yawn*... ready to sortie at... *yaawn*... Can't do this... Too sleepy...	I didn't really do anything but I still worked hard anyway... Yeah go me~!
Hungry... Wanna eat Dunkerque's sweets... If I push through this I'll be able to slack off later...Wh-what a pain...	Le Triomphant taught me how to make this tea... Look I did it normally this time. No idea if it tastes any good though...
The others have come back. Let's hurry up and welcome them back. Come on~!	The heart of the Iris continues through me!
The elegant arts of the Le Fantasque class... knows no equal!	I do want... to go on a date but I always get tired when we go to some faraway place... W-we should just go on a date at the dorms! Right?
Hyah?! ...Jeez what are you doing! Just when I was about to fall asleep...	Witness the power of the Le Fantasque class!
Extermination complete...... Wait didn't I say I wasn't going to do anything today?!	I really can't get any work done today after all... I just want to head back and relax already...
This hammock feels pretty nice but I can't roll around... A tactical failure...	In any case Le Malin will now go take a most elegant nap. Don't bother me even if there's something that needs doing... and save me some Cola and snacks... Zzzzzz...
Swim? Hehehe not to brag or anything but I'll show you the most elegant way to float!	I'm too slovenly...? Meh haven't you already known that for ages~?
A new mission? Don't wanna... Th-there's ice cream in it for me? F-fine I'll do it!	So hot...... Why must we sortie in this kind of weather?!
Welcome back. Sure let's keep it casual... I don't care either way hehe...	This outfit is nice and smooth... Perfect for rolling around right?
Le Triomphant is looking for me? Y-you're just trying to scare me! I d-don't believe that at all!	This outfit is great for rolling around on the comfy couch... It'd be a waste to not take a nap... Zzzzz...
It's time for a lunch break! ...What do you mean there's still more work to do? Let's just push it back to tomorrow...	Huh...? Do you need something...?
Gwaaah?! Wh-where do you think you're touching! That scared me...	"Today's ""scheduled break time"" is still in effect for a few more hours. In other words... Please do it yourself."
We won? ...Let's head back and go to sleep~	I wouldn't have signed up if I knew this was going to happen...
To be honest I'm a little jealous of Forbin. Back then we both weren't able to move but she made more of the situation than me...	Studying just isn't my strong suit... I obviously can read all these words but they just don't make any sense to me when put together...
Th-this place also needs a massage? Um... it feels a little strange...	We're not done with the missions quite yet. Let me handle the errands!
Mission complete! Huh...? I still have to tally the rewards?	Mail's here~! I already brought it all with me ehehe~
Everyone's back! I'm gonna run down to greet them! Be right back!	Warm-up exercises are all done! I'm setting out~!
I'm in first place...? Très bien! Ehehe~!	Merdé! Time to retreat!
Time to do this~!	It's just a flesh wound! I'll tough it out!
To be an outstanding knight it's not enough to just have the strength to protect others. You must also become wise through learning! But... I always start dozing off when I'm studying... *yawn*	Um... I haven't learned what I'm supposed to do at a place like this yet... Ah um! In any case p-please continue to take good care of me in the future!
Retro~ fit~ com~ plete! The new and improved Le Mars is at your service~!	Is there something that needs doing? I'll be happy to shoulder even a little bit of your burdens.
Hehe how about I be the one to give you a shoulder massage this time?	Now for a victory pose! ...Hey! Wait for meeee!
Just because it's hot doesn't mean you should stay cooped up underneath the air conditioner all day. Let's play outside~!	Sunscreen? I don't need that~!
If you underestimate me just because I'm lightly equipped I'll gladly teach you a lesson~!	I'll be bringing the heat at school today!
School life is all about running track under the warm sun am I right!?	Huh? Forbin's heading this way with a pile of notebooks? Um is there a good hiding place around here—
The wind doesn't scare me!	I don't need a massage right now...
Uh oh... I can't get anything in this book to stick in my head...	I can't do this... Reading books about etiquette puts me right to sleep... Huh? You're willing to be my practice partner? That'd be a huge help!
Phew... I finally managed to finish making my rounds... I was so nervous my body was stiff as a rock but you looked like you were totally in your element... That's amazing I tell you!	Um this is how you're supposed to hold the champagne right?
Um is this also a part of my training...?	It's probably because I got a good warm-up in. Hehe~
Vas-y! Come on the day's work is only beginning!	Everyone here is so nice... but there are some who seem hard to strike up a conversation with...
I made friends from several different camps yesterday! Ehehe~	If everyone all got along then we wouldn't have any wars!
Ahahaha! That tickles!	W-wait I'm not emotionally prepared yet!
We still have missions left! Let's knock them out in one go!	Yay the mission rewards are here! Huh...? We still have to check them?
Mail's here! I already opened it for you!	Welcome back! I put the documents back on the shelves for you! ...Huh? You still wanted to check those?
I've gotten stronger!	Anyways let's keep charging forward!
Heheh~ Did you see me just now?	Ehh? I lost...?
H-huh? Where am I?!	I'm gonna take a stroll around the port today~ Maybe I can make some new friends!
A relationship more important than friendship... lovers? But I don't know what it means to be lovers... Huh? Just do what we always do?	Behold this chocolate cake the fruit of me and Opie's combined efforts! We made little chocolate versions of us to go on it too! You'd feel too bad eating them...? F-fair... Maybe we went a little too hard &gt;&lt;
Today's the day of the big beach volleyball meet! My friends and I are aiming for the top spot!	"Opiniâtre are you busy practicing your ""magic"" again? Since we came all the way out here you might as well have some fun..."
Huh a crab? ...Ehh?? It was just right there... Where'd it run off to?	Awawawa! Th-the strings are coming loose...!
Huh? We're getting work on our day off?	How do I look? These pajamas are super cute aren't they? Ehehe I really like this one! It even matches with Opiniâtre's!
I got this lollipop from Mutsuki earlier! Oh and keep it a secret from Dunkerque okay? I'm hoping she'll make one for me later~	I can't sleep now there's still tons of stuff I wanna do before bed. No staying up late allowed? Aww... Fine then I'll lie down right now!
Hang on where's my Manjuu plushie gone? Oh! It was hiding in the pillow!	This Manjuu plushie is so squishy! It feels super comfy to cuddle with!
Th-th-th-that's not something you should be squishing...!	I have no interest in fighting pointless battles but there seem to be some individuals here who place excessive pride in their speed... Of course I was more than glad to put them in their place. More importantly I made quite a few friends in the process. Not too bad right?
That little incident I had with Le Malin? Yes I've already apologized to her but her mind seemed to be on something else...	You may pray to the Holy Iris or offer me a confession in person. Speak your piece.
Please refrain from touching my hat.	Here are the materials you've requested as well as the tea and light meal. Please note that the tea may be a bit hot. Hmm? It's cooled down?
Coins oil and supplies... I wonder if the rewards for this commission will also be abundant.	What is it that you are fighting for?
The warriors of Iris Libre must not falter.	Bloom forth hallowed Iris!
The Holy Iris will protect us!	If you wish to make a confession better to turn to the Cardinal rather than to me.
You're here neither for prayers nor confessions? I see. In that case I'll also have to find something else to do to pass the time... Hmm hmm...	If I was to cross the threshold of death's door one day would you pull me back–– Hmm I suppose that question's a bit too easy. I'm not trying to toy around with you I simply wanted to hear how you feel. Heheh~
Sorry to make you buy a ring for me but I can't deny these feelings any longer–– Heh heheh... Ahahaha~ Yes with this sacred ritual no longer will I be teasing you. Indeed from now on I pledge myself to you fully and forever.	You look to be in high spirits today. So what do you need me to do next?
A tea party with my sisters? ...I don't know about that... H-hey it's not that I don't want to go... But what if the tea is too hot...	If you have a mission that requires speed just leave it to me. That's one of my fortes after all.
Want to head to somewhere high up after you're done with work? I'd like to understand... what it feels like to be a bird soaring freely through the skies.	This... is also one of my weaknesses.
The mission rewards are right here. Heh heh~ I love the way you look when you're pushing yourself to the limit~	Accept your divine punishment!
How's that? Look what I in all my grace and elegance have done in your name.	Le Malin Le Triomphant... We'll be together forever...... Zzzzz...
Le Triomphant... You're not the most photogenic sleeper...	Nooo I'm going to get pranked... Ehehe... I won't hold it against you though so please...
But if you could stop at scribbling on my face... that'd be nice...	The missions... We haven't finished them all yet...
We have mission rewards... waiting for us...	Please remember... to check your mail...
Zzzz... Black tea... should be left until it's a bit cooler than room temperature...	Our commission went wonderfully... I saw that in my dream...
It'd be nice... if I could get stronger after waking up...	Well then... I guess I'll fight...
*Yawn*... I'm still a bit sleepy... I can't even properly savor the aftertaste of victory like this... Zzzzz...	I knew it I'm just not good enough... Unlike some of those Eagle Union destroyers...
Zzzzz	For someone not accustomed to strenuous exercise such as myself I prefer to let the ocean's waves rock me back and forth.
Miss Ark Royal? Hmm you're asking if she comes across as helpful or troublesome? Perhaps a bit of both I must say...	If a big wave comes... Hmm... Uhh... That's probably not going to bode well for me...
If you find it too hot why not take off another layer~? Hehe~	My oh my~
Oh it appears the commission fleet has returned.	My I see you've returned? What shall your orders be today? I am ready to accept any assignment - commission or sortie!
If you have any questions feel free to ask away. I will respond to each one.	My sword and shield? Oh they stop feeling heavy after a while. Well I also am quite strong.
If I was with my sisters at that time... would things have happened differently...?	Whether someone is friend or foe... is not something set in stone.
New missions have been issued.	It feels nice to be celebrated by someone you don't know doesn't it?
Why don't you let me handle the next one? I'll get it done the fastest.	In the name of Iris Libre let us break their lines!
Sometimes... things like this can happen as well...	Pour la liberté!
The outcome... still isn't set in stone!	Don't you think Noblesse Oblige is an elegant idea?
In order to realize their ideals and ambitions even family members may part ways and eventually meet each other on the battlefield... It's so tragic...	Familiarity with hardship and suffering cultivates an appreciation of life and death. At least that's what I think...
Sometimes... I have to endure things I don't like huh...	I'm gonna work a little harder
Let's go everyone. Be careful not to get hurt!	This victory belongs to everyone!
I've caused you trouble...	just the right spot!
Always be by your side... is it? I understand. If it's alright I'll happily stay by your side~	The purpose of Valentine's Day is to give chocolate to the people important to you as a way of showing gratitude. I think I took a bit longer than I should have but I got there in the end....! Hehehe
Though I miss the place where I used to live the presence of the four seasons here makes it feel like home.	Compared to me my sisters have much more colourful personalities... *Sigh*...
Eek! I think I saw something...	I'll... I'll try my best!
Is this training for learning how to not faint? I'll.. see what I can do...	Uuu... I really won't be able to move like this... what should I do?
Ahh~! I'm so nervous I could faint...	F-Fishy helped me make my chocolate this time around! If you're wondering how well... he taste-tested it measured the ingredients and took me to the infirmary when I felt ill... It's all thanks to him that the chocolate came out tasting really good.
I feel like Fishy is a lot more capable than before but I don't feel much different... M-maybe Fishy was the one to get a retrofit instead of me?!	Fishy looks a bit intimidating but he's really kind! ... Well... I might be the only one he's kind to... Sorry...
You're right a nutritious diet is important... Do you have any... um yummy recommendations...?	Despite how Fishy looks he really does have his own thoughts and feelings. But it seems I'm the only person who understands what he says...
Unghh... Get a grip me! I can't faint now...!	I'm pretty nervous... but I'll do my best!
W-welcome home Master! ...Um w-would you like to take a look at our menu?	What happened to Fishy? Um I asked Miss Eugen to take care of it...
Eat well rest well and... then you'll never be defeated in battle right...?	Do you need me to get you another menu...?
...You'll be okay Leipzig... You'll be okay!!	The mail's here. Thank you Miss Eugen!
Did Fishy go to welcome the commission fleet back...?	I'm still a bit nervous but... I'll do my best!
I've got an idea for an automatic seal stamper! You just put it on a ready document and it stamps it for you saving both time and energy	Take a break? But I don't need one! I'm just fine. Besides my brain fires on all pistons when I'm searching for inspiration
Whuh?! Wh-where do you think you're touching?	New missions you say? Let me at 'em! I can do it all from drafting to completion! ...What? It's a task only you can get done?
Mission complete! Surf the waves of accomplishment to the next challenge	Got a letter for you! I brought it here at max speed
Awesome work out there! ...You're running on fumes huh? Unfortunate. I'd give you half my energy if I could~	Commission rewards have arrived! With fresh materials come brand spanking new ideas~ Heheheh
Mhm! I'm getting all sorts of new ideas here	I've already worked out an angle of attack!
Talk about a cakewalk! Well then my search for inspiration continues	Crap I goofed that one up...
Let's see how you like THIS!	Think da Vinci! How will you get out of this pickle?!
I should probably build some sort of gadget that sounds an alarm when you're nearby...	Now Torricelli behold my latest invention! ...Huh? Where'd she go? Don't tell me she went hiding in some dark corner again!
Whenever I get a new idea I sketch it down and store it in my satchel. I love keeping a physical record of all the inspiration I get!	I wanna thank you for always giving me input and listening to my rambling by inventing something that'll be of use to you~ Just tell me whatcha want
Not all ideas are feasible to materialize but that's no reason not to try! As they say the proof is in the pudding	You got an idea outta the blue? Quick here's a pen and paper – write it down before you forget it!
Heheh I knew you were being too modest up to now	It's time to test out my machine that replicates your signature! ...No? Come on there's no harm in automating that bit!
Mission complete You know what you get for shutting down my brilliant idea? A thorough tickling!	Good going on that sortie! Feeling beat don'tcha? Let's fix those stiff shoulders with my massage-o-tron! Have a seat in my lap and just relax
Commission rewards are here. Let's check out what we got and see what new things we can come up with!	I've got a brilliant plan B so do your worst!
That pillow cover drying in the sun is of course the one with your darling da Vinci in a raunchy pose ...You thought I was serious? So you're saying you WOULD own that... Guess I'll just have to make one	Dancing among the beautiful flora and fauna makes me feel like I'm becoming one with nature.
If ballet and invention have anything in common it's that they both take inspiration from animals. So dancing among animals is a great way to get new ideas	If only there was a device that could accurately translate the cries of these deer... Guess I have to invent one myself eh?
Do you reckon I could fly with these wings if I scaled them up? Imagine the midair dances I could do. They'd be stunning!	Ballet's actually not hard. Come on just take it slow and repeat after me~
D-d-d-don't sneak up on me like that!	Hey I rehearsed a bit while you were out! Though I'm still nowhere near Roma's level.
I'm not as lively as my younger sister though I'm confident in my own charms. What do you think~	Oh my where is Saratoga hiding? She's such a handful...
My eyes are gorgeous? Well for an idol my eyes have to look like this~	Oh goodness are you unsatisfied with being the younger brother?
A new mail has arrived. If your hands are full then perhaps I should reply it for you~	Oh something's on your face. I'll wipe it off so don't move~
Oh my~ The girls of the commission team have returned	*giggles* I suddenly feel like singing. Wanna listen?
Oh my~ we can't keep up with their pace. Should we retreat for now?	Go forth carrier planes!
Maybe it's time to cheer everyone up with my song~	Oh dear you are mistaken if you think I'm going to accept everything you do.
A solo live show? Oh I haven't had plans for that yet. But if someone were to give me a ring as a present maybe I'll host that kind of show every day. And the audience is only a single person you see~	An idol will change her outfits and dresses several times during a performance each one bringing forth a different character... As long as I can bring smiles to everyone's faces I will be happy.
Hehe new outfits do bring new joys with them after all~	Maestrale's super good at organizing documents isn't she? When I try to do it they just end up messier and messier~
My hair's silver on the outside and blue on the inside! Beautiful isn't it?	Hey what's the matter? Did something happen~?
Smooth and flat huh? Just like my big sis!	It's mission time! All I have to do is check off the box next to 'em right... Of course that was a joke!
The mission rewards huh... I may or may not have helped myself to a little when Maestrale wasn't looking... Ehehe~	Mail time! Mail time! Whooooo~!
Commission complete! Duuuuude look at the loot!	Such powerrrr! Time to show off to Maestrale!
I'm the flagship! Everyone lesgooooo~!	Let's have some fun over here~!
Woah! An enemy ambush!	Knock knock! Yeah I'm gonna keep thwacking you around until you behave!
What a beautiful ring! If I put this on it means that I'll be able to cling to you as much as I want right? It's a promise!	Behold the Eternal Light of Sardegna! ...Uhh what color is an eternal light and how do you hold it? ...I wonder if Veneto will tell me...
One two three four... All righty I'm all done warming up! Time to head down into the water~!	How the heck do you make a sand castle? Like this? Or maybe... like this...? Gaaaah! I give up!
Sailor Libeccio ready to head out! Captain da Recco when do we begin the timber-shivering?	How can I get Maestrale to join us in the fun and games? ...Hmm take some beautiful conch shells over to her?
Yes pat me to your heart's content!	Glub... Blub...! Blehhh it's so salty... My kickboard flipped over in the blink of an eye... I guess I really shouldn't head out until the waves calm down a little!
That Veneto she's not half bad for a fleet flagship... However if she wants to move forward she must learn from me. Hahahaha!	There are two kinds of people in the world: those who are Littorio and those who are not.
There is no denying that though battleships once ruled the seas aircraft have ushered in the beginning of a new era. This is a fact that not even I can refute.	Chasing after others is a novel and interesting experience is it not?
Contact your superiors for me. Tell them these paltry rewards do not satisfy me.	It appears there are more letters addressed to me than to you.
Your ability to see my true potential proves that your perception is superb.	Did the enemy wander here by mistake? That's too bad for them.
Trying to oppose me was your greatest mistake.	Defeated? No we are simply not victorious yet.
Arrivederci!	Don't give in yet Pugliese system!
You want my autograph? I will give you it for free as a special favor... Just kidding. Hahaha!	When you give to the world the world gives back to you. So put your mind at ease. Pursue the object of your desire and grab hold of it. Because I Littorio deem you worthy.
This is what Veneto told me-People with charisma should work to raise each other up not drag each other down with bitter fighting. Hehe. Indeed this is applicable to the two of us for we are drawn to each other due the other's charisma. As for seeing how much higher we can raise each other up-why don't I start by giving you this chocolate? I'll look forward to how you respond to my feelings.	The reason I invited you to watch me make chocolate? I thought you wouldn't be satisfied with just receiving it. After all an experience isn't just the end result but also everything leading up to it. Now peel your eyes and prepare to be amazed!
A visit to the beach with me? Then you must try your hardest to stand out. Otherwise the eyes of the world will be on me alone.	Veneto? Don't expect much from her... No I don't mean her swimsuit. She's the type that would spend the entire day building a sand Colosseum.
The Mediterranean Sea is thing of beauty in summer but this sea surpasses it in sheer bustle. I prefer this one; it lets my glamor reach the hearts and minds of many more.	What? That damned Veneto is going to play beach volleyball?! ... I must help her to ensure the Sardegna Empire's glory remains unsullied...
Welcome to Littorio's personal suite. Are you here to issue me a challenge of who can romance the most girls? Hahahah I'm joking of course! There'd be no fun in a game I would win every single time.	As proud as we are of our wonderful Sardegnian thermae and as befittingly charming it is when Veneto conducts foreign relations from them the fact remains that diplomacy should be left to the pros. Wouldn't you agree?
There are two kinds of parties in the world: those with Littorio in attendance and those without.	Let us have a grand toast to the triumphant return of our hero. Alla salute!
Hello there. You'll have to forgive the loungewear; I have scarcely any reason to wear extravagant clothes in my private space away from the public eye.	You certainly took your sweet time... It's not every day I let a person see the casual side of me you know.
As a leader part of my duty to my people is to make the decisions that lead to tranquil days where everyone may rest easy.	Come on now stop and smell the roses. Care for a cup of cappuccino? Actually no it would keep you awake through naptime.
Veneto is a tad too formal wouldn't you agree? She really ought to do like me and take time to unwind more often.	My cardigan is made of woven silk. You can appreciate its quality just from touching it no?
When put before a stunning treasure few could be satisfied with only watching from afar.	Look who's back. Hang up your coat and make yourself at home. Then I can get comfortable too.
Good day to you your Excellency. I shall accompany you for today as well.	What's the matter? Your Excellency what are you looking at so seriously?
Your Excellency... have you seen Amethyst? I've been searching for her.	The Arctic was very cold. I still feel like i'm getting a cold from there...
My this is a fine day. Erm well... I thought it's a good time for a conversation...	Bodily contact is... No I don't mind. I'm just not used to it.
Pl... please don't do such an improper thing!	Do your best to finish your missions today.
I've already made a list of the rewards. Please take a look at them when you have a moment.	Your new mail is right over here. Please confirm it.
Good work. I'll handle the official matters so please go have some hot red tea.	Yes the commission is done on time. Let's verify the results shall we?
I'm glad but please mind the allocation of resources.	Everyone please be mindful of yourselves. Do not get hurt if possible!
Being praised by your Excellency is the greatest honor to me.	...I shouldn't be showing you manners when it comes to this.
Well then I'm gonna try harder as well.	There seems to be a slight miscalculation...
Your Excellency please go elsewhere for your time. I shall handle everything here.	Your Excellency a moment please. There's a bit of a problem here... Mmm yes!... Is there anything you need?
Your Excellency would you like to have tea together? If you're not done with your work yet then please tend to it first. Of course I will be with you.	A date? If your Excellency can finish all the work for the coming days then there's no reason for me to refuse. How about it? Do you want to make the effort?
Please stay still! I had already told you to dress yourself properly. And your hair... You can be far too casual with your appearance at times your Excellency... Yes that should do. Where do we go for our date?	Thank you please leave it there. More than that look at this Your Excellency... Surprised? Hehe. With our relationship you should know why I'm not saying anything about this~ But now that this is the occasion let me handle the meal for today with lots of what we like to eat.
"Happy Valentine's Day your Excellency! In my home nation the custom on this day was that men would give a present to their sweethearts but I've adjusted to the customs of this place. ""When in Rome do as Romans do"" as they say"	Your Excellency happy Valentine's Day. Here then chocolate for you as promised. Oh? Did you forget last year I said I would give you some again this year? Or am I remembering wrong...?
Your Excellency thank you for your continued support this year. Here is my Valentine's chocolate. I hope that this chocolate can be a symbol of our ongoing promise this year as well. Hehe~	It's Valentine's Day Your Excellency and so I ask you to accept my chocolate like always. Of course I remember our promise and I strive to keep up my end of it. Likewise... I hope you'll continue to accept my undying love.
Happy Valentine's Day Your Excellency. It's a given that I've made chocolate just as it's a given that you're anticipating it. Perhaps we both take this tradition for granted but I'm fine with that. When sheer bliss is the norm what more can one ask for?	Um... Your Excellency could you please stop staring at me like you don't recognise me? I didn't think that I'd get a new look for my retrofit either... But don't you think it's rather cute?
I can always change back to my old outfit but to be frank I've always looked forward to being able to wear something like this. Your Excellency would you like me to get changed?	I feel like my mood has been changing since I got my new outfit. Your Excellency would you like to go for some dessert in a little bit?
Your Excellency please do not forget the fact that I am still your secretary ship. Now please focus and get back to your work!	Your Excellency did you know that Sussex said that this outfit looks really pretty? You don't hear words of praise from her often hehe~
What am I going to do with you... Well then Your Excellency please rest for a while. I'll prepare the snacks.	Why are you so astounded Your Excellency? You expressly requested an unforgettable and elaborate ceremony. Heehee you'll make it weird if you keep staring so much so won't you please take my hand now?
Why hello. Could you come a little closer? ...There we go. We need you to look your sharpest while at work!	Never change out of this dress? I see you can be quite mean Your Excellency... Still I'll indulge you just for a while.
I know you're enamoured with my dress but you must not let your infatuation impede your work.	I've brought you refreshments to alleviate your stress. You needn't worry about putting on weight as they're made with healthy ingredients. Heehee.
A posh anniversary and a simple life aren't incompatible. Which is to say you can certainly look forward to a candlelit dinner.	Us holding hands has become a perfectly ordinary thing at this point hasn't it?
How far our relationship has come...	I've left a note regarding your new missions. Take them on at your own pace Your Excellency.
Mission rewards have come in. I'll write up the goods summary if you don't mind.	I'm glad you made it back safely Your Excellency. Shall I prepare you a hot cup of tea while you rest as per usual?
A commission has been completed. Do remember to thank the team that worked hard to bring us these resources.	What would you like for dinner tonight Your Excellency? If nothing comes to mind we could go grocery shopping together first so you can think while we browse the wares. If you like... you could think of it as a date too. Heehee.
Roooaar! ... Hehehe were you shocked? I'm like a ghost that's going to haunt you every day!	Can't see me... can't see me... can't see me...
Russian roulette~ candy time~ Pick the one~ with wasabi inside~	Com~man~der~ No one has returned yet~
The girls who went out on commission aren't back yet~ Not yet~ ...Ah they're back now!	Ehehe let's party~ I'm gonna scare you to the point you're spilling fuel!
Hehehe~ Look at them! They don't even know what hit them!	No... No way... Could they possibly have seen me?!
Phew... I almost flashed everyone...	*ears covered* Ghosts do not talk~~~
Here's your chocolate tart~ made by a ghost~ Oh don't worry today you get chocolate filled with love not wasabi~	A ghost has come to give you this energizing chocolate~ Eat it when you're tired and need a boost at work~ Or when you need to stay focused during an all nighter gaming marathon~ Hehehe now be nice and thank the ghost for the gift!
"So... I'm gonna give chocolate to my favorite person today. Just thinking about it makes me so happy that it feels like I'm about to pass on. Who knows maybe that special someone is even watching my stream right now eheh~ "" — L.I.'s stream highlight"	Happy Valentine's Day! Did you get my lovey-dovey chocolate? It's super sweet because it's supposed to be lovey-dovey and I was way too embarrassed to give you something like that in person so I had the Manjuus send it over! Please tell me what you think on the form included here! ↓↓↓
"(You got a note. It says ""This is a business e-mail from your favorite ghost. I've hidden your lovey-dovey chocolate in a very obvious place~ Get out there and bring it back to me quickly and you'll get a warm cup of tea for your efforts~ I'll be streaming in you-know-where waiting for you"")"	Hmm? This outfit is more refreshing so no issues!
You know Long Island the ghost has become boring... Now I am Long Island the Jiangshi jumping zombie!	Com~man~der~! Huh? You really fell asleep? Hehehe~ What kind of pranks should I pull?
I am a ghost~! ...Still it's not good to touch ghosts out of a whim!	Everyone's favorite and talked-about Long Island actually has another hidden secret...
That get up is the usual Long Island wearing her public face~ ... Want some potato chips?	Ah Long Island has become... Tired Island...
"Tune in everyone Gamer Girl L.I. is about to begin her spooky Halloween special stream~"" ...Well that should do it for my channel intro... Hmm wonder how many viewers I'll get~"	It being Halloween and me being a ghost I went around trying to scare people but it was too much work so I gave up and just went back to NEET it up in my room instead.
"Hm? This message is from ""Prancing_dragon_warrior"" who says: ""L.I. please impart more of your pro gamer knowledge to me!"" Uhh sure I guess. We can do a viewer co-op stream later."	Y-you're gonna get me demonetized!
It's easy to get burnt out when you do nothing but game streams... Oh I know! Let's assemble a scale model instead next stream!	What do I think of Libeccio? ...She's my precious little sister. She can be a bit of a klutz at times though ehehe...
The documents I was just working on are over here and the already-finished ones are here... Ah it's not that I couldn't find them I just thought it'd be more efficient to remind myself out loud... S-sorry... *blushes*	D-did I say something inappropriate?
...Wh-what is the meaning of this?!	Wh-what's going on...?
Are you going to... continue working on your high-priority missions? Err I mean... let let me help you!	Mission complete. Umm should I go help you confirm the rewards after all...?
The mail where'd I put the mail...? Phew I almost forgot it after all the time I spent organizing it...	A commission has been completed. The dockhead is looking rather crowded...
Shelling torpedoes and reloading... I must become stronger in all aspects...	As the flagship... I've got to boost everyone's morale... Roar...!
My thoughts about getting MVP? ......Uh umm it's nice...?	I've been defeated... What should I be saying...?
N-now it's my turn!	What should I do...? What should I do?!
Keep your distance from me! Shoo shoo...!!	Wh-what should I be saying during a wedding ceremony? ...Um I don't need to say anything at all? Well then... *kiss* Th-that's fine too right...?
G-good day... Umm... So... Here's your... Valentine's chocolate. Please take it... Phew... That was nerve-racking... But at least I did it myself this year...	Good day... Th-there's no need to be so formal? I I see... th-thanks then...
Welcome back. I've been studying how to make tea from the Royal Maids. Oh but keep it a secret from Libeccio okay...?	Everyone p-please do your best...!
Though I'm not able to build the Colosseum like Lady Veneto can when it comes to the Leaning Tower a cathedral or a basilica... Um I can kind of get the rough shape down!	Veneto's Colosseum is truly spectacular... I wish I could fill in the other half...
"The letters I etch into the sand are immediately washed away by the waves. I see this is what they mean when they say ""write your worries on the beach""..."	P-please stop that...!
Our next battle is important and I will not neglect my training in preparation for it!	Vauquelin! Thou must eat thy veggies! ...G-green peppers however... Yes it's a bad vegetable! Thou may pass on that one!
The Cardinal herself will be spectating our next exercise?! Oh goodness oh dear... I must practice more!	It won't be long before I'm dubbed a full-fledged Templar Knight!
Are you that enamored by my sheer magnificence?	Stunning hair ornament am I right?
What about these unfinished missions? You'd better do them before the Cardinal scoldeth you.	New mail... The information inside is sure to be of paramount significance!
The commission team hath returned! Heheh. The rewards would've been greater if you'd entrusted the job to a Templar Knight like me...	Another step on my journey to full knighthood!
Onwards girls! Holy is the war that we wage!	There you have it! That was a display of a Templar Knight's might!
Th-thou may crush my body but my spirit will live on...! Wait that doesn't sound right...	Feel my holy might!
I cannot and will not succumb...!	If we share the burden of protecting everyone then we can manage this feat together! The Cardinal told me that! On my sword I vow to work harder than ever!
You went shopping with Algérie?! N-no I'm not envious in the slightest not at all! ...Though I wish you'd have taken me along...	Mayhaps I should ask Émile for dancing lessons... N-nothing! Just thinking out loud!
Is this... what falling in love feels like?!	Those things in the dark were just... Manjuus? N-n-no impossible! Those little creatures could never frighten me so!
Why am I afraid of monsters under the bed...? I-I-I'm not!	It's times like these when I envy Tartu so much...!
I-I was merely pretending to be spooked!	Could you stay here until I fall asleep...?
I can't t-take this anymore!	G-g-go check your mail right now!
S-see?! No monster can scare me as long as I have the Iris' protection!	Enjoying sweet pastries in a lovely dress – heehee such bliss! ...I care not how unbecoming this is of a knight! I saved these desserts for my holiday! Let me enjoy myself would you!
It's blissful to have such many desserts just within arm's reach! More blissful yet is that they art a gift from the Cardinal herself! Heheh	This pastry is for thee Vauquelin! Savor it thoroughly as it's a gift from the Cardinal! Thou must eat it with dignity!
C-Cardinal?! Thank you dearly for these gifts – such lavish treats are much more than I deserve!	I do not have any donuts Tartu. However I do have macarons the next best thing.
You would touch my unarmored body?! A cowardly attack I say!	You will have NO desserts if you're going to be like that!
Outstanding! You are permitted to treat yourself to my desserts!	There is nothing as sweet as a celebratory dessert!
Our next battle is important and I will not neglect my training in preparation for it!	Vauquelin! Thou must eat thy veggies! ...G-green peppers however... Yes it's a bad vegetable! Thou may pass on that one!
The Cardinal herself will be spectating our next exercise?! Oh goodness oh dear... I must practice more!	It won't be long before I'm dubbed a full-fledged Templar Knight!
Are you that enamored by my sheer magnificence?	Stunning hair ornament am I right?
What about these unfinished missions? You'd better do them before the Cardinal scoldeth you.	New mail... The information inside is sure to be of paramount significance!
The commission team hath returned! Heheh. The rewards would've been greater if you'd entrusted the job to a Templar Knight like me...	Another step on my journey to full knighthood!
Onwards girls! Holy is the war that we wage!	There you have it! That was a display of a Templar Knight's might!
Th-thou may crush my body but my spirit will live on...! Wait that doesn't sound right...	Feel my holy might!
I cannot and will not succumb...!	If we share the burden of protecting everyone then we can manage this feat together! The Cardinal told me that! On my sword I vow to work harder than ever!
You went shopping with Algérie?! N-no I'm not envious in the slightest not at all! ...Though I wish you'd have taken me along...	Mayhaps I should ask Émile for dancing lessons... N-nothing! Just thinking out loud!
Is this... what falling in love feels like?!	Those things in the dark were just... Manjuus? N-n-no impossible! Those little creatures could never frighten me so!
Why am I afraid of monsters under the bed...? I-I-I'm not!	It's times like these when I envy Tartu so much...!
I-I was merely pretending to be spooked!	Could you stay here until I fall asleep...?
I can't t-take this anymore!	G-g-go check your mail right now!
S-see?! No monster can scare me as long as I have the Iris' protection!	Enjoying sweet pastries in a lovely dress – heehee such bliss! ...I care not how unbecoming this is of a knight! I saved these desserts for my holiday! Let me enjoy myself would you!
It's blissful to have such many desserts just within arm's reach! More blissful yet is that they art a gift from the Cardinal herself! Heheh	This pastry is for thee Vauquelin! Savor it thoroughly as it's a gift from the Cardinal! Thou must eat it with dignity!
C-Cardinal?! Thank you dearly for these gifts – such lavish treats are much more than I deserve!	I do not have any donuts Tartu. However I do have macarons the next best thing.
You would touch my unarmored body?! A cowardly attack I say!	You will have NO desserts if you're going to be like that!
Outstanding! You are permitted to treat yourself to my desserts!	There is nothing as sweet as a celebratory dessert!
Achievements? ...Let's start racking them up today.	What do you think you're doing! Adding milk to coffee is nothing short of blasphemy! The same goes for sugar!!!
I can't believe it... though this room is so large it doesn't even have a coffee maker...!	If only I were constructed in the Great War instead of being incarnated in this form I wonder how much I would have been able to do... I guess thinking about it doesn't help.
What's wrong? Do you want me to comfort you?	Perfect. I can finish testing my guns by firing them at you.
Are you going to neglect all the missions?	How long... are you planning on ignoring the mission rewards?
There's new mail. There's no way you've forgotten right?	My equipment needs maintenance too.
The girls who went on commissions are returning. I'll be leaving my seat for a bit.	Hm. Let's test this out in a real battle.
Don't get in my way.	An expected outcome given that I am here.
Hm. I'll consider this as valuable practical experience.	Now's the time! Begin firing!
Ugh to think that my equipment wouldn't work...?!	Because I was born into this world I shall accomplish something. Otherwise I wouldn't be able to face those who designed me.
At one point I fought to prove myself. However I now fight for your sake. I want to prove to everyone else that you are a sufficiently reliable person.	You don't know what this is? It's coffee chocolate. Frankly speaking this is already a compromise for me. Anything below this level of quality would be completely unacceptable! Not in terms of coffee but in terms of a chocolate meant... f-for you...
Mm. I've set up a tea party of sorts for you. Enjoy this pairing of coffee roasted and extracted from the highest quality beans and chocolate flavored with that very coffee. I made all of this from scratch. Hopefully you can infer my... feelings from that...	Here's some fresh coffee. I've made it to your taste.
I'll be going to get the mission rewards...	You've got new mail. Leave the rest to me.
Für den Kommandant!	Ah! Changed already? Just wait a minute... No you don't have to leave. I'm almost done.
I wouldn't have minded waiting longer. After all I know you're not the type to forget a promise.	Blücher tried to wear her rigging to the bath but Eugen and I managed to stop her. Seems like Hipper didn't want to get in with us though...
Nngh... It's hard to tie this sash tight enough. But if it's too loose...	They didn't let me bring a coffee machine into the bathhouse but... Heh I did get to set it up outside. Black of course.
The mirror? I'd assume it's fogged up from the steam. ...Look at my reflection you say? What do you... Oh. *blushes*	W-wait! Don't do that or else...!
A mission huh? ...Let's put it off for now. It'll still be there after we take a break.	Finished your missions already? Then that gives us more time to kick back.
You have new mail. I told them to leave it in your office so we can check it later.	I guess I got too comfortable...
C'mon stop being so blue and be positively positive!	You've heard I've only been on transport missions? No I-I've totally fought before too!
Doing Tokyo Express runs... wasn't any fun at all...	Night battles are what Desron 2 do better than anyone else!
Do you want to do my hair...?	Oh we've got another mission...
Heeey! A commission's done!	The team has returned! Hehehe~ Welcome back everyone~
If you don't take commissions seriously then you'll be in serious trouble!	Heh heh~ I feel stronger!
Hehehe~ Now it's my turn to take command!	I'm just the best ship ever~
All we can do is place our hopes on the next one...	Here's a present from me~!
C-could we retreat?!	Hmph. ...Leave me alone.
It'd be a shame to not go out and play on a sunny day like this! Right? Let's head out~	Fine... I'll start looking where I'm going and not run and jump so much... Doesn't it get boring for you always walking like that...?
I-is this a bride carry?! H-hehehe... But I still think I prefer your piggyback rides...	If you ever get hurt I promise I'll carry YOU back home! So can you give me a piggyback ride now? Hehehe~
All right everything looks good! I'm super excited and my batteries are fully charged! I'm heading out~!	Hey listen! I've heard there are these cool legendary things at school! Let's go check if they're true or not!
I was running earlier and tripped on something... But Hamakaze helped me back up and now I feel fine!	Oh it's Haruna! Hey Harunaaaaa! Let's head to the classroom together~
Huh? You don't have any evening plans? In that case... Let's come up with something to do!	"W-wait is this... Th-that ""student and teacher"" thing...?!"
Oh right it's almost time for class! I'm gonna need my notepad... Wait huh? Where'd it go?	Hey up Master! Just got done tidying up the office. Go on then have a seat!
You can always count on me Master! There's bound to be things ya can't do that I'm right capable of!	If your work's not coming along how about stopping to clean a bit? Tidy workspace improves your mood dunnit?
I've proper wanted to learn cooking and stuff but Gloucester says bollocks to that and won't let me. I'm not too dischuffed about it but still...	I can do me maid tasks AND fight at the same time! Problem is there's not much maid stuff you can do mid-combat sadly...
Hey up! Need something?	Oh Gloucester's gonna be right livid if ya keep that up Master.
Bit embarrassing this Master...	Missions eh... Right blimey! Gotta start looking for one you can do!
You... You've completed all of 'em? That's bloody brilliant Master!	Letter innit. Let's see... This how ya open it?
Welcome back Master! Feeling a bit parched? I'll pop over to the Royal Maids then!	Commission completed innit Master! Let's go say hi to the team!
Brilliant! Cheers Master!	C'mon then let's have a go!
Cheers for helping me achieve a graceful win Master!	They really did us in eh? ...Easy now Master I'm well alright.
It's cleaning time!	It's alright! I can keep going!
That's just not how ya do it Master.	Being a Royal Maid it's me duty to serve you innit. So whenever ya need something just hit me up!
Right so a good maid serves her Master proactively eh... Cheers Gloucester! I'll give the idea a go and clean Master's room right now then!	Blimey I should've thought this through... Can't enter Master's room without the key obviously... Oh hey up Master. I was just thinking I'd clean your room...
S-sorry just feeling a bit tense to actually be inside your room... Yeah of course I'll do a proper job cleaning it! Also just wondering... c-could I pop around sometimes just to... see you you know?	I can't believe I'm getting an oath ring from you... I-I'm guessing ya won't mind me coming to your room when I feel like it? Relax I'd never peek under your bed 'course not!
Top of the morning Master! You've been waiting a right long time for this Valentine's innit. You're gonna get so much chocolate from everyone... I envy you! We Royal Maids gave it a go too so I hope you're excited for ours!	Oh Master! You've come so early I don't have time to clean the office... Ya know what? I'll just do it alongside me secretary duties
Ya want a boxed lunch? Okay I'll try... No I'll give it me best shot! I'm not wholly incapable of cooking or anything! Seriously!	Hm-hmm What's up Master? Heheh looking for your pen? It's in the right drawer. I found it just earlier while cleaning.
Southampton! Moving stuff around are ya? Lemme give you a hand!	I'd bet Gloucester would be a better maid than me in many ways... But it's alright 'cos there's also bound to be things she can't do that I'm right capable of!
Master! I can get this done proper for ya!	I guess a scolding isn't going to stop you... Ahahah... You're a dead stubborn one Master~
Welcome ba– A gift for me? You really shouldn't have... I-is there anything I can do to repay you?	Hang on Master! Lemme pop the champagne for you... There! Hehehe here's to our victory!
Master it's time for your injection! Hmm... Nowhere to be seen eh... Then I guess I'll keep the sickbed warm until Master comes ba– Eep! M-M-Master?!	Fooound you! Come on Master it's time for your shot~ Heheh
That's good now just stay still... Actually don't I need to do something before giving ya the shot? It's too late to ask Sheffy by now... Eh oh well! Besides I'm no ordinary nurse – I'm a succubus nurse! This'll go just fine!	Hmm. A nurse's job isn't to clean rooms... but is it her job to clean her Master's body? Oh gosh what am I even thinking...
What's up Gloucester's costume? I think she goes against her by-the-book nature to dress all fancy for special occasions... Ya think that's the case Master?	We're in for a right bastard of a cleanup the day after Halloween but this is all worth it for that! Plus that'll be a chance for the Royal Maids to shine wunnit!
Do ya want me to go slow or do I just jab it in?	M-Master don't move around so much!
Ahaha! Brilliant work out there Master! Now come here and show me your neck~ Heheh try to hold still now~♥	Why follow the stupidly serial boss-and-subordinate template am I right? Hehehe let's just hang out and be friends!
Put the seal there check the numbers make a report... Hm? Oh I'm not up to anything special! You're just imagining things probably!	Once this mission's done could you go get the milk tea I ordered? And not too much sugar thanks.
Guess this is new mail or something... Right I'll just pretend I never saw it.	Huh. You fancy a girl like me?
Tiiiime to get serial!	I have to investigate into what went wrong this battle... Oh uh never mind I said anything!
Try *this* on for size!	Guess I've gotta crank up the serial factor...!
This here picture I've got? Ah that average-looking girl used to be me. Whatevs let's put that aside and go have some fun~!	I'm not really shy about my past as an ordinary girl. What's then is then what's now is now y'know? I think my new look better expresses who I am~ So anyway as I was saying...
I guess it's like you lose sight of what's fun when you go super-serial all-work-and-no-play you get me? I'm having tons of fun now and wouldn't go back to my dorky self even if you told me to.	I totally knew it we're like made for each other~ I looked into your personal preferences ages ago so yeah~ All right you wanna come with me and have some fun again today?
Happy Vally-T! Okay so I've got two sets of chocolates for you. You guessed it: one's store-bought the other's handmade with love! Yep they're both for you~	Here's your chocolate made with lots of love~ Hey speaking of making chocolate did you know the secret to its sweetness is all about how you let the cacao ferment and how long y– Err never mind! Just thinking out loud!
Okay we've got a year's worth of energy-boosting chocolate here. Add in how much you're expected to get and... Whoa. I really give ya a lot of chocolate huh? We haven't even gotten to the chocolate that symbolizes my love yet! But you can never have too much of that right?	Your horoscope for today promises... mega good luck!
Maybe I'm a bit garish but don't underestimate my smarts! Lemme see what part you're stuck on~	Smokin' bod I've got am I right? Heehee!
I started reading up on building muscle for future reference and man there's a lot to learn~	Let's leave our boring work and social troubles behind and focus only on workin' out~
I need a break... All right time to check out the MME tournament on TV~	Using the fat around your chest for softening impacts... kinda actually works?!
Good going out there. You want a sip of my electrolyte-rich sports drink?	Feeling chilly? You can come closer if you wanna~
Winter makes you wanna snuggle up doesn't it~?	The commission gals are back~ You wanna go out and meet up with 'em or...?
This victory's almost as lit as this view!	Let's see the prediction for Leos born today... Hmm clearly something's wrong with my calculations here...
Why am I wearing Dragon Empery clothes? Because there's a Dragon Empery celebration today duh~ Now if you don't mind I'm gonna have myself a mooncake.	Yo this mooncake bussin'! Concord would love this little sugar bomb! I'll grab one and bring– Hm? This one's extra salty?
You know the myth about rabbits on the moon? Bet those rabbits can jump like a mile up in zero-gravity.	I don't mind you gawkin' at me but you'll wanna gawk at the sky too. Full moons only come once a month you know!
Man this view is awesome~	Thanks for this sweet gift you brought back~ I'm gonna go show it to Memphis~
Be your personal teacher? I'm down~ Which subjects and for how long are we talkin'? Need to know for return-favor purposes	Memphis?! Crap my bad... Wouldn't've gotten THIS drenched if I'd warned ya ten seconds sooner... Err forget I said anything!
If you wanna check me out n-now's the time... You can't ogle me once I've gotten changed... So yeah.	A towel? Aww you're too nice... Huh? Err if you wanna dry me off sure I guess...
Whoa! You don't want me to get changed first?	Mission complete~ You wanna get something warm to drink? It's on me.
Weren't we gonna do the umbrella-sharing thing on our walk back to your office? ...Hahaha! I'm just messing with you~	Crap I'm all wet again... This wasn't part of the plan.
High school romance is like pretty done to death~ You wanna shake things up a bit? 'Kay then how about... There's something I wanna tell ya. Can we go... to an empty classroom?	So you've come prepared to sacrifice a portion of your time on this mortal coil in the name of productivity? Magnificent!
All things of value are bound to fall into someone's hands sooner or later. Better it be yours than someone else's.	The golden Dragon Empery... I have countless stories of it to share if you'll only lend me an ear!
Looking at the map... This port is unbelievably small. Has the thought of expanding it never crossed your mind?	For what have I been summoned?
Tsk! Such boorish behavior...	New missions? Be magnificent and get them done in a jiffy okay? Chop-chop.
You've finished those chores? Magnificent! Now we can focus on more important matters.	A letter of surrender from our enemies? Then allow me to establish our terms.
I believe the secretary should have the power to issue commands. Only while you're away of course.	The commission team has returned. Take it from me you really ought to venture out with them to see the sights of the world more often.
The greater one's strength the more privileges one is entitled to. You know this yes? Magnificent!	Soldiers weigh anchor! For the glory of Sardegna!
They're surrendering already? So... We won? What pathetic adversaries we have.	You wretches... I will inflict this humiliation back at you a hundred times over!
Bow before my might!	Danger is an opportunity! Have at you!
If not for your position I would've sent you away to... Never you mind. Hmph!	Oh? You're approaching me? Instead of keeping me at arm's length you wish to get to know me? Then by all means... Hehehe!
You possess insight and views superior to those of commonplace boors. But as it stands you could use some more... well ambition.	You command a whole fleet of ships and you don't even try to use them to spread the Empire's– I mean your own glory? It truly baffles me.
"You! What is the deal with you? I never said you should ""spread the glory of Marco Polo's name!"" You... You... You're too ambitious for your own good!"	A woman with great aspirations doesn't let commitments bind her. But... for you I'll make an exception. And don't you dare vanish on me until your ambitions are realized!
You hope to moderate your chocolate intake? On Valentine's Day at a port inhabited by countless girls who adore you? How very very ambitious of you! Allow me to swiftly crush that hope into fine dust! Here you go – enjoy	Good grief look at all this chocolate you've gotten... Where do you think you're going to store all of it hmm? ...Exactly! How magnificent that you acknowledge it. Fortunately I have the solution – my port expansion project! Shall we go ahead with it?
Hm-hm~ Have you no orders for your maid? You're hardly the authoritative master I'd imagined.	I've been told many desire to be in a position where they can give you hands-on assistance – like a maid does. Which is to say: I am envied by everyone around me. Hehehe hehehehe~
Is it not a maid's duty to issue a slap on the wrist when her master procrastinates? Hehehe! How magnificent that you understand!	Routine tasks making meals greeting guests filing paperwork hatching plans doing battle... I can perform anything you require!
Hwaaah?!	You've been given new missions. Fascinating how announcing that is part of a maid's duties...
I've left your letter right over there. It's as easy to reach as possibly can be.	Where oh where is my master who refuses to delegate work to a maid? Here I've taken these duties upon myself in your stead.
The commission team has returned. Someone must receive them but who?	Yaaaaawn... I've gotten a bit sleepy...
Where do you think you're touching me?!	Geez please don't treat me like a little kid!
Wow there's so much stuff! Did you bring all of that back yourselves? Amazing!	Heheh let the red rose of blood bloom forth!
I'll show you my real power!	I won't lose!
I hate you I hate you I hate you! If you keep this up I'll only hate you even more!	Wow this place is huge... Lady Helena isn't here so I feel a bit uneasy... No no I'm an adult! I won't be shaken by something like this!
There are so many amazing maids in the port! But I won't let them outdo me!	Today I was invited to a tea party by girls from the Royal Navy and we had a bunch of yummy princess cake! Heheh I'm so happy to have made friends here!
Hmm this swimsuit is pretty cute but isn't it a bit childish? ...In any case if you like it then it's all good!	A photoshoot? That's fine with me! I'd like to take a lot of wonderful pictures! ...But I'm not going to strike any weird poses got it?
Heheh I'll always win when it comes to beach volleyball!	Your hands feel so nice and cool~
Ah! Not there!	We've got ramune and manjuu buns here... If only we had princess cake it'd be perfect...
Haha everyone looks so comfy~ Thank you for bringing us to such a nice place	I hear this hot water is great for your skin! Maybe it'll make me even more mature
This one smells lovely and this one makes your skin all smooth... The Royal Maids are really smart when it comes to this stuff.	Heheh I'm getting all hot and lightheaded~
I think I smell gunpowder has the battle started already? Pfft... turns out it was only Vestal cooking.	Celebration? Honor? Nothing else except for battles will draw my attention.
Fighting beside my sisters is the happiest thing in the world!	I hate foul play only fair duels are real battles!
Working? ...I don't know much about that I'll just do whatever you tell me to do.	If I don't complete the mission then I can't get a battle star.
Mission rewards... Darn what a waste of time.	When writing a reply back should I carry an anti-aircraft gun with me...
Sigh staying in port is so boring...	Even though commissions are an important part of the war but I'm just not interested in them.
I really wanna try to shoot a volley from my main gun right now	Dear opponents do NOT disappoint me!
Haha! This is just the appetizer before the main course!	No matter how many times it takes I will sink you again!
Now this is a fun battle!	A saying that I recently heard from my sister “Never protest your loyalty to the weak”.
I don't know who granted us the title of BIG SEVEN. But if those two keep mentioning it non-stop then the title should have some special meaning to it.	The war cannot be won by a single person. Without true sisters fighting alongside you and a reliable backline supporting you no matter how strong you are your defeat is inevitable!
Look into my eyes as my most trusted companions is it even necessary to use words to express the feelings I have for you in my heart?	You really treasure these strange rings do you? ...But since it's your decision I'll go with it! From now on I will protect you!
Just as much as I like you I hate having to leave the battlefield. And just to make chocolate of all things... I'm Fighting Mary: a soldier not a damn chef so you'd better like it!	Who woulda thunk Washington would get bossed around by her sister. Wish Colorado was a bit more like Carolina. Not trying to badmouth my own sister but she's too much of a pushover. If you ask me she should just come out and say it if she loves you. That's how I'd do it.
Tell me when you're done inspecting.	... You know I actually like this hair color. It's like that of a bald eagle isn't it?
You think my jacket is strange? This way I can feel the breeze hit my skin when out at sea though... I love it.	You want someone to pamper you? ... You want ME to?
... If you'd move your body more you'd have fewer weird thoughts.	So many missions waiting on us...
Ah the rewards have arrived... Seems we can afford beef for dinner tonight.	I'll leave your letter here. Check it later.
You're back... Did you get hurt? If anyone pokes fun at you we can talk about it.	... Oh look. They've brought so much back. I'll go help them out.
I feel a bit different...	Pretty tough aren't you? You won't cry if I hit you will you?
Sorry I got distracted...	This one's really heavy.
... So you want me to get serious?	How to get stronger? Uhh do some push-ups? ... Not working for you?
Seeing you challenging yourself with things you can't do is... interesting. It makes me want to explore my own limits too.	I like how cool you look when you're pushing yourself hard... but overdoing it isn't good. I'll force you to rest if I have to.
If I told you this year's chocolate is store-bought... would you believe it? Heehee. It fooled my sisters but I suppose there's no fooling you. How did you figure out I made it myself? Did you spy on me or...?	Hey... Is this outfit that strange to you? Thought it looks just like what my sister's wearing... so what are you staring at? I don't get you at all...
My... plans for the party? We could go listen to Dakota play the piano.	Tell me what you think when you're done looking. Else I'm not letting you leave.
Where's Jean Bart gone? I wanted to show her how I look.	Seems everyone's enjoying the party. Hope Dakota and Alabama are too. Me? I'm having tons of fun.
I shouldn't lift this flap? Why not?	Are you getting more weird thoughts because of my outfit?
Oh rewards have come in. Good stuff.	Makeup is tricky stuff... I don't know how everyone else does it.
Fighting while trying not to get my dress dirty... Kinda fun.	You know flattery won't get you anywhere with me right?
I hope I can just stay as your secretary forever... Hm? What? I didn't say anything!	Because of that... I'm subtracting a few points off your record~!
I-I'm scared... I want to stay with you...	I'll go and get your mail~!
I like it better when you're here it makes me feel at ease...	Time for a photo~! C'mon let's take a picture!
S-someone help meeee!	Okay! Now close your eyes~!
I should've known... You can't possibly protect me...	My name might make me seem invincible but that's not true at all. Don't mistake me for a Main Fleet ship just because of my name!
Duke of York is tough cool and... Hehe~ She must make you jealous too~	The feelings I have for you and the feelings you have for me... Which of the two is more passionate?
Physical scars heal over time but mental scars never go away. So please don't make my heart ache!	Here's your Valentine's chocolate~ This is neither a bribe for you to protect me nor a thank-you gift for your hard work. I simply felt like giving you chocolate and being with you today because I'm confident you will always watch over feeble little me
If some questionable individuals suddenly showed up you'd be there to protect me right?	Hmm... it feels like someone is always staring at me... is it just my imagination?
Haven't decided on where to go yet? That's totally fine I'm happy to just have you here.	I wonder how my sisters are doing... I'm worried about them...
This thing I've got? It's what's known as a ladle. Yeah if it was a little smaller you could even serve tea with it.	Ahhh the smell of laundry hung out to dry in the sun~ Isn't it great?
Yeah? Are you feeling tired? Then wait just a moment I've finished making some snacks!	You must be tired after that last battle... Don't overexert yourself come here and lie down.
Thanks! You could have saved caring about me for later though.	Don't do anything too dangerous okay?
Heheh you'll have a really bad time if you underestimate a veteran!	Ugh... I'll be fine just make a break for it everyone...
Sigh... Where did I go wrong with you...	If you don't have anything to do you should tidy things up. Organization is fundamental to leading a good life.
You just need to focus on your goals and I'll handle all the minor details. I'm happy to help you with anything not just combat or missions~!	You're saying you want to take a lifelong vow with me? Eheheh sure~ Then I Matsukaze swear to always always look after you!
Hmm... Wow. No unusual expenditures this year. What's gotten into you? Are you being considerate of us? I appreciate the thought but... Huh? You're handmaking chocolate to keep expenses down? For... everyone?!	I doubt this fan will be of any use when it gets cold...
I think this thing will be handy for drying clothes or futons out in the sun! Mhm I think I'll test it right now!	"Umm... have you heard about ""work-life balance""? It's bad to rest too much but it's not good to work too much either."
Hm? Are you hungry? Or do you want me to fan you?	Umm... Why are you always watching me do my warm-ups? Do you like watching me sweat?
I thought we were going for some long distance trip at Wake Island again.	I swear it wasn't my tummy making that noise!
Are you helping me recover? ... Thank you...	...!! Hey! There's a line you shouldn't cross when giving massages.
Phew~ I'm exhausted... Save some Oxy-cola for me when the rewards arrive!	You've got new mail. It's about that celebratory party isn't it?
Rest now so that we can sprint faster later!	Not enough... I can still go faster...!
Lets finish this quick before I get hungry!	Like I said those guys can't keep up with me!
... I need to get back before everyone starts worrying about me.	Faster... Faster...!
Sorry I've got some training to do so I gotta go!	I prepared my Valentine's gift for you a whole month in advance! Pretty forward-thinking huh? I like being ahead of the competition like that! ...What about the best-before date? Oh um! It's still perfectly good to eat!
Would you stop staring at me like that? I can't promise my sword won't come your way...	The South Solomon Island Leyte Gulf and now this sea... Nothing ever changes...
Being by Yamato is like a warm embrace that melts away my worries... I sometimes long for that feeling... N-no it's not Iike that! I may have said that but not in that way! But if I put it that way...	Stand still over there. I want to practice my swordsmanship.
Another mission... another battle.	Mission complete... Can I go back now?
Combat operations over... Seems like we didn't encounter any worthy opponents today... again...	Looks like...the comission is finished.
Strength may breed sin but for now we have no other choice.	Shall I tear them apart...?
I shall slay anything that stands in my way whether ghost or god!	... It hurts... No don't mind me.
Perish by my blade!	Hmph. Retreat? How laughable.
If you get too close to me I'll cut you dow	Didn't I already tell you? Don't talk to me if you don't have any business.
I said don't talk to me if-... You want to know more about me? Fine... as you wish.	My dream is to one day conquer the sky and everything beneath it. When that day comes would you still remain by my side?
Looks like I've made you wait. Listen up we'll be meeting up with Choukai before heading to a store that has some real tasty chocolate... Hey don't be that dissapointed that I didn't make you some chocolate this year. It doesn't have to be chocolate I made as long as you enjoy it right? With all that said just remember I'll be treating you to the chocolate at the store. Got it?	Ah... Achoo! Sorry. I called you over to make it easy for you but obviously it's doing the opposite... Anyway happy Valentine's. I made this chocolate for you in secret – without help from Choukai or my other sisters. Will you... accept it?
When you're alone with no one to turn to things get lonely. But it's different when you're waiting for someone you know will come right? Especially when I'm waiting for you... Heheh it's heartwarming for sure. ...Achoo! S-sorry.	Sorry can we keep it brief? I need a new popsicle.
We all get along around here don't you think? Care for a popsicle?	Ahh... Hawaii was so hot. I felt like I was melting...
... Ah! Oh no! My popsicle melted.	... Are you trying to encourage me?
Ah it's so hot...	Missions huh? Whatever happens happens.
Help me pack up these rewards... Hey can we have them sent to my house?	*Sigh* There's no end to all this mail...
It's kinda hot in here got anything to help me cool down?	...Oh everyone's back. I'll go get some popsicles.
Hm... It's nothing special.	We have to fight? Guess I couldn't avoid it forever...
"Slay the enemy while your blade is still warm""... Is that true for popsicles as well? Oh it melted..."	Whoa I got so scared I dropped my popsicle...
Let's finish this before my popsicle melts!	I heard those Sakura Empire girls sit around and drink tea all afternoon. I'd like to try that some day!
Tips for daydreaming? Empty your mind and don't think about anything. Don't forget about your popsicle before it melts though...	Guess that concludes our yearly Valentine's ritual. Hey can't we just eat popsicles together after we've done the whole give-you-chocolate routine? Y'know like we always do. That's more our style I think. Probably. Scratch that definitely.
"Oh I won again. Every one you buy for me always says ""Try Again."" Here this is your Valentine's Day chocolate popsicle. If you draw another one I'll get to eat another one. And then you can... Uhh well I'm glad you're playing along but are you sure your wallet's gonna be fine...?"	If you intend to keep me by your side you'd better carefully observe my every move!
Capturing everyone's attention with my brilliant performance at Naval Reviews - that's the way I like to do things.	Because of my hectic schedule I never got much time to relax back in port... But that's fine someone like me ought to be busy wouldn't you agree~?
You want me to bring you back a souvenir next time? Should you really be asking that while you still have work to do?	Hm? You'd like to see me while I'm training? Very well... you'd better burn this into your eyes!
If you don't unhand me this instant I'll make you regret it~	You've earned these rewards. Take a look when you have time.
Please go get the mail. I expect some good news.	Hehe not bad. But don't get too cocky. There are still many trials ahead of us.
The commission fleet has returned. Don't forget to check the performance records later.	I wonder if I'll be even better at my escort duties now?
Let's go! I want to see everyone at their best!	Hmph! Did you witness that? That's the glory that only I can bring to bear~
To think that I would lose... how unsightly!	Leave the escort duties to me!
We can't afford to be careless!	Hmph. If it's about me ignoring you you brought this upon yourself!
Who can blame you for being so captivated by me? Very well I'll allow you to gawk a bit longer.	Sidling up to me this closely... Are you trying to smell my hair? Hehe how is it? Does it remind you of the sea breeze?
You feel uneasy when I'm not around? Don't worry I'll always be here to escort you. As a matter of fact you should make sure to always be around me.	Do you feel honored? You've managed to earn my recognition. From here on out I'll have high expectations for you so don't let me down~
Are you even going to be able to finish all that chocolate...? Well I'm glad you still have room for mine but don't overdo it okay?	I suspect you'll be staring down a mountain of Valentine's chocolate this year – again – so I've got something new for you: a dietary plan to eat all that chocolate in a methodical manner. This is what it means to help in private I suppose... Of course I do also have chocolate for you if you're interested.
Chocolate is an excellent energy food. To have it only today would be a shame... so I made you a whole year's worth. Here's your supply for this month. The rest are in a dedicated space in the fridge where they won't spoil as long as... Hello? Are you listening?	Oh my do I really look so unusual in this outfit? I want to be able to enjoy my day off as well you know? Hehe don't you think it feels nice to just sit back and take in the ocean breeze?
Morning. There's a nice wind blowing today. Perfect for a cruise wouldn't you say?	My pictures? I wouldn't say I put the pros to shame but I am experienced. Don't go underestimating my ability.
Brooklyn and I sometimes go out on day trips. Unlike me though she just refuses to relax even on vacation days... Or rather we each relax in very different ways I suppose.	Training? Hello do you not understand what it means to be on vacation?
Eek! Wh-what was that for?!	I'm a witch now so if you're not on your best behavior I'll turn you into a critter~ Hehe just kidding!
Look a witch and her broomstick are always paired together. I won't hear your objections!	... I should just boot you off the broomstick and be done with it!
Everyone has a different way of enjoying Halloween. Hehe that's how it should be~	Have a taste of a witch's power!
Fashionably late I see. Had you turned up a moment later I would've gone home for the day.	This? Just a doodle nothing of note... Please would you stop trying to peek?
Omaha! Don't you think the amount of snacks in your desk drawers is a little excessive?	Let's see what's new on Juustagram... Concord's posted a new sweets review. That's worth a read.
I love sitting by the window. You get a great view of the schoolyard and have ready access to a cool breeze.	You'd like to see my notes? Sure thing just– H-hey! I didn't say you could flip through it as you see fit!
Go to the faculty office to receive your due punishment. Now!	Come on get up Marblehead! Ugh... I told her not to pull an all-nighter to conduct experiments and she does it anyway.
Oh hello. Do we have everything we'll need today? Better make sure.	It's great seeing all the happy faces here every day. I truly love it here
You came back. Thank goodness.	Now I'll be able to protect everyone.
I don't want to lose any friends today!	B-but everyone pitched in... Um I'm... I just everyone's looking at meee!
Wait! Please don't leave me heeere!	Everyone... just a little bit longer...!
I've lost a lot of friends over the years... Asashio and them Suzukaze Umikaze... I'm so afraid to lose any more... I'll do anything for my friends...	The butterflies go fluttering by~ Oh the Manjuus are also chasing after the butterflies.
Ooshio looks very mature in her dress doesn't she~ It's a bit too soon for me still right?	These balloons? I got them from Ariake. She brought a bunch just for the occasion; isn't that amaaazing?
You want to see me spin around? Spiiiin spiiiin~	I'm glad I came along with my sisters~
The victory at Tsushima did not occur by chance.	"Those things flying through the sky... Err they're called ""ear-playings"" right?"
Even the most hardworking people sometimes have lapses of judgment. It is my duty to admonish you in times like these.	Hmm I'm in charge of today's fleet operations? Very well... the fate of our country rests... mmf! ... Why aren't you letting me speak?
Very well. I shall plunder... I mean receive the spoils of victory!	No matter how many medals and honors I receive... Ehehe~
Excellent! The scales of war are tipping in our favor!	Without robust logistics even the mightiest fleets will turn into a disorderly mob.
Only the battlefield can separate the wheat from the chaff.	The fate of our country rests upon this battle!
Through righteousness comes prosperity. Such is the will of the heavens.	So this what it must have felt like to suffer through the Battle of Dan-no-ura...
Let every ship do her utmost!	Keep calm! This battle is far from over!
You Showa-born brat!	Thinking about how I won't see old friends from back in my day ever again it's... Well never mind. I have people who look up to me now and I can't let them down!
If you don't have a plan to end a war then you'd better not start one to begin with!	Yes I can tell you've been working hard. B- but! That doesn't mean you get to start goldbricking now!
You can't fire on all four boilers all the time. Listen I'm going to look the other way while you take five... You've been wanting to nap on my lap? I-I guess that'd be okay...	You still got a long way to go to earn my respect! ... Hehehe so that's why I better stick by you 'Til you're too good even for me.
It looks like it's Valentine's Day once again. Hm yes! This year in addition to my chocolate I'll give you the right to be spoiled by me to your heart's content! Since you're always working so diligently you need to make sure to relax every once in a while. Otherwise your body won't last you know!	What a well-behaved youngster you are! How about resting in my lap? So what do you want to do next? Hahaha there's no need to be shy. As promised I'll treat you to as much as you want on Valentine's Day!
That slovenly look on your face... I did say that I'll spoil you on Valentine's Day but seeing you like this I can't help but worry how you are doing day-to-day. Listen: I want to keep healthy boundaries but if you're always tired then you may visit me once in a while.	I battleship Mikasa from now until eternity pledge to you my undying love and devotion. May we help each other encourage each other and walk side-by-side on the same path. I hope to meet your expectations as unworthy as I may be.
"I can't get used to calling you ""Dear"" or you calling me ""Honey""... Calling each other by what we already do would be easier? Very well as long as you're fine with it..."	Well perfect timing. Hm... It looks like this size should fit you... As the one in charge you can't neglect stocking up on necessities. Once we're in the middle of battle even your best clothes can get all torn up in the blink of an eye. Make sure you to get some spares while we're still in the lull of peace.
Tonight's menu... How about I make you naval curry that originates from a port I have an affinity with? Of course it's simply exquisite.	"So those are ""airplanes."" The true potential of new things are often overlooked for quite some time. Do your best to not do the same."
Urgh how in the world do you use this cellular phone thing? ...Grrrr...	You're working very hard so I guess I'll allow this much...
Oi! Don't doze off on me! I promise I'll let you rest after you read through the mission!	Very good. Well done! We're done with the mission! You really should teach Zuikaku and the others how you do it.
Hehe These medals and awards... are things I obtained with you by my side. Go ahead burn the sight into your mind~	You brought everyone back safely without a hitch! Spectacularly done I must say. Hahaha!
Vanquish all evil! Crush the enemy!	As long as you put your mind to it there's no war you can't win! Redouble your efforts and keep up the good work!
Mhm a fine morning. Have you had breakfast yet?	Mm... what a pleasant breeze. A fine day to embark on a new journey.
When I don this uniform I feel like I'm being called to my more youthful days... Ah that's right! It's that excitement of going on a trip for the first time as a kid! Hehe~	Back then many of us went abroad to study with the Royal Navy. Hm you can't picture me doing that? Want to see for yourself? Well we're just a few minutes from the Royal dorms though. Hahaha!
Looking back I sometimes miss those days... but right now this fleet is where I belong.	Hey! Knock that off! You're going to make me drop my luggage...
Everyone has returned home safely. What a relief.	I was thinking what if I was still a schoolgirl meeting you for the first time beneath the dancing cherry blossoms before becoming inseparable sweethearts... A scenario like that might have been nice.
Mhm clear skies and a gentle breeze. Fine weather indeed for admiring the flowers.	F-fine... I shall permit it just a little.
The flowering season waits for nobody. Feast your eyes upon this magnificence before the petals wither. Ahaha!	Even I like to dress down and unwind from time to time. Oh? This is new and exciting for you? Well you are welcome to come see more of it from now on! Hahaha!
Though it is said that spring is the season of restful slumber sleeping in simply because you feel like it... is no good at all.	What should I do on this well-earned vacation...? Assembling model ships? Housework? Travel? ...Too many things to do...
Nagato do not excessively concern yourself with the opinions of others. Simply set your worries aside and enjoy yourself.	What's the matter? You want to give my clothes a rub? Haha so you can tell the difference! Very good very good!
Hey hey you're going to expose me at this rate.	Have you finished your work? Excellent then feel free to spend the rest of your day as you please!
People will get bored sooner or later if our menu is nothing but Sakura-style confections... Should we add some curry or Western snacks?	Mutsu please! We all know you've got a sweet tooth but the café's food is off-limits! We've got staff meals right over there.
Maybe I ought to take your order myself. Hahaha!	Say what kind of establishment do you think this is...?
"Excellent; you've returned in one piece! Ah I suppose girls these days say ""Welcome home Master!"" Hmm... Maybe that sounds a bit too forced..."	Our commission team has returned. Get excited for some new menu items!
Hahaha! Seems like we'll have to jazz up that celebratory menu eh?	"It's a little different from the other girls but that just makes it suit me more"" huh? Is it just me or are you getting smoother by the day? Hah!"
"Huh so this is the ""Beauty Looking Back""... It's really embarrassing to hear you say that about me though."	"They weren't kidding when they said ""no road is long with good company."" I just hope you're having a good time too... Hahaha that's what I like to hear!"
Hmm. So there are famous mountains historical sites and even temples and shrines... I dunno if we'll be able to see all of this now. I say this calls for a repeat trip!	Hm? You wanna hear the story behind this dress? Then get comfy and prepare for a lecture from your guide Mikasa!
Hey! No touching the sash! ...Phew. That scared me y'know.	You plan the missions and I'll plan the trip! ...Uh how do you use this tablet exactly?
Finished your mission? Good timing! I just finished checking out this tourist spot.	Let's stop and take in the peace you've brought us. Getting proper rest between fierce battles is part of your job! Heheh.
Oh the commission team's back? Don't forget to get them some souvenirs while we're here.	Battleship Mikasa is here! Let's do this!
I like taiyaki filled with bean paste even in their tail fins.	Taiyaki looks like a fish... Fish live in the sea! Hm... the sea is on Earth! Earth is in space! Mm... so tasty!
Oh I dropped my taiyaki...	I ate... too much taiyaki... I'm stuffed...
That's the enemy... can we eat them?	Isn't it about time for a snack?
I'm hungry...	You're not getting any of my taiyaki!
Ahh~ *Nom* (Mikazuki doesn't seem to notice you.)	Clothes are so annoying... I hate getting dressed... I just want to eat taiyaki...
Getting changed is a pain but since everyone wanted to see me in a costume I did it... Hip hop.	Halloween is all about witches pumpkins and... delicious taiyaki! Ommfh!
If the seal on my head gets removed I'll turn into a real zombie... That's what Minazuki said anyway.	My outfit is all messed up now... even though it took so long to put on...
I got so much candy... Mutsuki seems to really like them so I'll give it all to her later.	Welcome back. Let's try to get a lot of work done today.
My... horn? If it makes people remember me then I believe it's not all that bad.	I was the first heavy cruiser to sink in the war... Oh never mind it was nothing important.
I'm standing by. Please give me your orders.	Your kindness is highly appreciated. I swear to repay it one day.
Everyone on me!	This is nothing to get thrilled about!
*Gah*...! This will serve as a lesson...!	Loading complete! Main guns fire!
Don't panic! We still have a chance!	I've gotta warn my sister about how untrustworthy you are...
All Mogami-class cruisers were part of Cruiser Division 7 but because Kumano and Suzuya were launched later than me it was I who had to look after Mogami. And for that reason they aren't as close to her as I am.	Mogami asked me to help her make chocolate this year! We put our heads together for a while and it resulted in this incredible-tasting chocolate! Heheh is it right for Valentine's to be such a happy day?
I want to see my sister dance but I'm better suited for an event like this.	Kumano also wants to try dancing? That could be arranged... Wait no! What if she tears her costume because her movements are too flashy?
Mikuma stands at attention. Please give your orders.	Umm please mind my main battery... It might explode!
My horn... is cute?	I've finished collecting the mission rewards. I think it's about to go check on my sister...
Mission complete. I'm sure my sister is also pleased by this. Heehee.	The commission team has returned. Want to take Suzuya and Kumano with you when you head over?
I actually would've liked my sister to take these honors...	I wonder where everyone's gone... I wanna see them... and prank them!
Did you figure out my prank? *Giggle*	Hm... I came up with an idea!
Hm I wonder how I'll prank the enemy	Ugh... It huuurts...
Look! There's fuel in the sky!	I'll do my missions for real! No need to worry!
I gotta be sneaky super sneaky... Oh no! You found me!	You have very good spirit are you ready for today's hunt?
Do you want to hear my hunting stories? Alright! But which one do I start with...	My war paint? Oh I'm not the only one who does this is this what you mean?
Hey don't just sit there come with me and let's take a look around!	Are you ready for the hunt?
Ya! ...you do you want to become my prey?	New mission new prey oh boy~
Is this all the rewards... not as good as I expected.	Urgent mission? No turns out it was only an ordinary mail.
You all returned safely? That's good to hear.	It seems our friends have returned from the hunt.
I feel my body is heating up!	Who will be my next prey?
Sorry from the very beginning I never intended for any of you to escape.	Hey the caught prey actually...
Got it!	Hey it seems like these guys are giving us a bit of trouble.
It's kinda boring talking to you...	Compared to staying at port it's way more fun to go on a hunt! How about we plan one right away?
There's actually a few places in port that I am interested in investigating. Let's go and explore them now! ...Work? We can still make it on time even if we wait a bit longer!	When did you get this injury? Could it be that time when you were with me... hey don't move let me help you by licking it.
Valentine's? Chocolate? Not exactly my kinda stuff... Then how about this: I'll give you this herb then you can return the favor with some chocolate another day. Sound good? Great then we both get something outta this!	Hah! So what do you think of my mouthwatering baked chocolate? Sure it won't win any beauty pageants but the taste is top-notch! If it wasn't you wouldn't be drawn to it like prey to a trap! Hahaha!
You serious?! Now that we're married we're gonna be cleaning the office together?!	"Yeah? What is i– Huh?! S-seriously I've told you not to randomly go ""I love you"" around me! I'm so embarrassed I could die!"
S-s-s-so this kinda thing's fine now huh?	...Huh? Wh-what was that for?
Walk right into my trap you scrapheaps!	Hahahah! Check out these results!
I've been paying attention in class! See here are the notes I took.	Coke burgers and fries—— Yes let's get that for lunch today
Smartphone? Yes Quincy gave this to me although it doesn't really work well	Class is so boring but its not good to skip... hmmm——
Do you want to have some fries? I'll share with you a little.	Th-this is against the school policy!
Finally class is over! Where shall we go...	Extracurricular time is here!
Hang on don't move! All right hahah. Managed to grind to a halt.	Did a Meowfficer on a skateboard just swoosh past me...? Must've imagined it...
Check out my boardslide! Haha!	Nothing beats this feeling of being able to move freely and not bound by anything!
Try and keep up if you can! Hahaha!	Whuah! Th-the hell're you doing?!
I taught myself how to ride a skateboard. It was a piece of cake. Fitness comes with being a hunter like me.	It's time to roll!
The engine's rumbling... music to my ears. Seems like today's gonna be a great day!	Was the present bag open? Oh thanks for letting me know! Hm looks like it's a bit dented on the side...?
This guy over here has some nice horsepower but riding and controlling it is a bit rough. I'm grateful to Jamaica for all her help.	What is it? The cold? This much is nothing to me.
Wha?! S-Stop! The steering wheel...!	Are you done with your mission? Great let's head out to deliver some presents!
Gangut...? Err I mean Comrade Gangut? Hmm she kind of scares me...	My fighting spirit just like my inspiration is unbreakable! That's right I'll stand back up again!
When I mess up I make sure to apologize profusely! That way everyone will forgive me... hopefully.	Eh...?! Is this revenge for something I did?!
Long live the rewards! Err so where's my share?	Ah um... Just give me a minute to come up with an explanation as to what I'm doing in this room full of mail...
I can't control my overflowing inspiration! Even though you just came back I can't...	Commission complete! Hehe first we have to welcome everyone back!
Woahh! I'm getting inspired again!	Can you keep up with me? Ура!
How's that? My power is surging! That's right don't get jealous!	Woah woah time out! I'm not ready to retreat yet! Waaah!
It's my turn! Fiiire!	Looks like it's time for me to get serious!
All right I finally understand now! I've finally reached a conclusion as to why I'm always thinking about you! So here's my hypothesis: I'm in love with you! Hehe does that sound right?	You've violated the Minsk Protocol comrade! Therefore the sentence appropriate for you is imprisonment! Until when? Obviously until your jailor is satisfied~
Entrust your faith with god and entrust your body with me! That's right you're in my jail now!	Fools dance for your overlord~
If you try to escape again I'll slap more time onto your sentence? Huh? You weren't given a sentence in the first place? Eh don't sweat the details~	When I'm not patrolling I'm writing reports... this jailor business is super boring! Hey one of you prisoners write the reports for me!
Heheh~ Do you want to get tased that badly~?	Congratulations you've earned yourself a one-way ticket to a Siberian potato-digging trip! Sign right here and enjoy~!
Prisoner exercise time is over! Hurry up and get back into the office!	Oh these bandages? They're just in case I bump into a tree branch again... B-but you don't need to worry about it! I'm already used to it...
Fubuki is as outgoing as ever... If only I could be brimming with positivity just like her... F-forget I said anything...	My tail is warm and fluffy...? Um p-please don't go touching it all of a sudden... I'm a bit sensitive there...
Um is the fog rolling in? Bad weather makes me feel really uneasy... I really hate bad weather...	Naka and her sisters are the ones who make my tail look pretty and nice... I can't do it all by myself...
P-please don't do that... at least not where others can see...	I I will be okay...
Th-thank you very much! ...I I'll work twice as hard!	What nice weather... That means the battle should go smoothly right...
I hope I managed to do something useful...	You don't need a useless girl like me right... I'm so sorry...
I don't want to have to say goodbye ever again...!	*sniffle*... I hate it when this happens...!
Thank you for accepting me here...! I will do my best to repay this act of kindness! B-but first I need to not cause trouble for you...	I'm sunnier and more positive than before...? Fubuki told me the same thing... Ehehe...
I I don't mind if you like touching my tail... I can do anything for your sake... *blushes*	The weather looks pretty bad outside... But I'll be fine! Because you promised to always stay by my side... and to save me even if I get hurt...
Is it okay if... Umm we hold hands a bit longer...?	I um... I don't mind... *blushes*
It it doesn't hurt at all... I feel warm and fuzzy inside when you pat my head...	I did it... Finally... Ehehe!
My most heartfelt wish...? Well just getting to spend every day with you is already enough to make me happy... Um but if I have to make a wish I'd like to always stay here a place I can call home with the person I love...	Do I like going shopping by myself? N-not really... The way people look at me is a bit scary... so I usually go with Fubuki or Shirayuki...
It's important to stock up on food you know? Just in case we can't go shopping because of bad weather like a typhoon or something...	Eep...! What's wrong? Oh I'm going to hurt myself if I keep rubbing the pointy part...? Oh th-thank you...
Ehehe...	There's a new mission... Go ahead and take a look at it. You don't need to worry about me...
The mission rewards are in... D-do you think we could go fetch them together...? *blushes*	Our friends who were out on a commission are back. But it'll be a while until they'll stop by to restock right?
Welcome back. Huh? You want me to say it with more emotion? Sorry chief. Not sure I can help with that one.	Not saying anything makes you look cool? Figures... you would believe something like that.
I wonder what Mikuma is doing right now... Well I suppose there's nothing to worry about. She's not like me after all...	Are you sure you want me to be your secretary? Just about anybody else would be better for the job. I'm serious... I'm not just saying that to avoid work.
Perhaps I should get Nachi to teach me how to be a little more cheerful... crap hope nobody heard that...	You don't have to remind me I'll get the work done.
I finished organizing the task list. Even I couldn't mess something like this up... probably.	I picked up the mail. Can I leave it here?
Everyone made it back safely. Isn't that enough?	You're going to go greet the commission fleet? I'll just stay here so I don't end up ramming into someone.
Thanks... What's the matter? Am I not allowed to express gratitude?	Fighting is a drag... but losing is an even bigger drag!
First place huh. Got a problem with it?	So this is what I'm made of...
I won't fail this time!	Have I spread my misfortune to everyone...?
You must really have some strange hobbies to want to associate with hapless folks like me. Oh well if it's just talking... I suppose I can entertain you...	My horn huh... Well I don't really mind but... it kind of sticks out doesn't it? I don't really like the attention... *sigh*...
I already know that Mikuma and Nachi don't hold anything against me but I can't forgive myself... *sigh*... Huh? My horn is cute?! ...I-idiot...	Are you sure you won't regret choosing someone like me? If you say so... I suppose I can put in a bit more effort for our sake... A-anyway please take care of me...
I only started making chocolate because you suggested it but when I really thought of how I could make great chocolate to make you happy I realized that it's a pretty deep field... It makes me embarrassed at how short-sighted I used to be.	Are you sure this is a retrofit and not some weird hazing ritual? I look... Well I suppose I do feel stronger. Guess I'll try to work a bit harder. Wouldn't hurt for you to look forward to it a little.
I look even cooler now when I don't say anything? Whatever... have it your way...	Recently Mikuma has been telling me that I have more self-esteem... Not sure about that one though I don't think I've really changed...
Secretary ship duties? Well I still think I'm not really cut out for it compared to the others... but if it's what you want I'll keep doing it.	Maybe I should go practice using this naginata or something...
There are people waiting for me... so I refuse to lose!	You are the one and only being who matters to me... Until I met you there was nary a single soul who believed in me.
Wales and York... I despise them for bereaving me of my existence but I cannot resent them for succeeding me.	A younger sister? If I have one her name would be... Prince of Wales... That has a rather nice ring to it.
I will make the world understand how foolish it was not to choose me.	Do not fall victim to those degenerate habits of theirs.
Let me handle this mission. I shall prove my excellence!	For as long as I exist it isn't over. I am excellence itself therefore I must exist.
You've received mail regarding the war. You would do best to check it.	That was a marvellous welcome. Hmph were I the only one returning would anyone welcome me at all...?
I wonder what efforts it took to materialise me... Hmph regardless I will see to it they are repaid in double.	Hmph sure enough I am the most excellent of the King George V class.
Depend on me! I will make sure this fleet returns home without as much as a scratch!	Heed my words: depend on me! I will always win!
Am I... being discarded yet again?	Not even the Queen's orders can subdue me!
If Wales were me she would probably have sunk long ago.	Are you saying that I am inferior to them?!
I only survived in that dark world by believing that I am excellence itself and thus irreplaceable...	Love needs no repayment. No matter how much the Royal Family neglects me my loyalty to them is unwavering.
So they can still laugh together... Perhaps I wasn't discarded for nought then... I have never felt this way before.	Even if the world no longer needs me you will always need me. That is more than enough for me... Hahah perhaps I was materialised with the sole purpose of meeting you. Even if so... I am happy.
Right... Valentine's chocolate to make us... set aside our differences. Then again I wouldn't be doing this in the first place if Howe hadn't pushed her cookies on me... Never mind that. Here I made this chocolate syrup myself. It's not Valentine's if I don't enjoy a chocolatey treat with you.	Shall I teach you the Royal Navy's courtly dances?
Such splendid dress is normally reserved for special occasions. But for me every day I exist is a day to be celebrated.	You like this dress do you? Hmph I see you've learned the art of empty flattery from Wales. But nonetheless... thank you...
I admire your bravery. Now would you rather I stab or trample you? Or would you prefer to taste a volley from my guns?	Allow me to demonstrate the elegance with which a lady of the Royal Navy comports herself.
So an Eastern outfit this time... Hmph. My nobility is evident regardless of what I wear. However since you prepared this outfit especially for me it would be unbecoming of me to not express my gratitude. Thank you.	This festival comes but once a year. I shan't let you waste it working yourself to death. Come let me handle that. The fleet will survive you taking a break.
"Paint our jubilant memories of this festival into history""? Hmph she's as grandiloquent as ever isn't she?"	Tsk Wales must you always pester me with this Dragon Empery chinoiserie? I'll learn about their customs myself without you.
A New Year's wish? Naturally I wish to prove you were right to choose me. That isn't going to change.	Though I am a proud lady of the Royal Navy I find myself deeply moved to have this chance to experience a festival from an exotic culture.
You desire my company? You should have said so.	So you're back. I'll take my leave then. It's too crowded in here for me.
Big sis! ... Oh it's you. Need something?	"How can I be more like Cleveland... ""Smile""? ... That might not be possible..."
... Huh? If you've no need of me don't call for me.	G-gotta put up with it... This is obviously a test of the trust I have for my big sis...!
Rewards eh... Guess this is part of my job. I'll go get them.	I left your mail over here.
Well done. You should get some rest.	A commission's done. Aren't you gonna welcome the team back?
I'm one step closer to my big sis...!	Knights of the Sea onwards!
This is how victory feels... Not bad.	Big sis... I'm sorry... I've stained the reputation of the Knights of the Sea...
You're an eyesore. Disappear!	Big sis told me... to never give up!
Guess my big sis can't tell good and bad people apart...	I don't get why my big sis chose you. But I trust her intuition.
My big sis is... strong cool has a golden smile and she could probably beat anyone in a fight... I want to be like her one day.	I don't just blindly listen to everything my big sis says. I listen because she's always right... And I finally get why she chose you. It's because you're outstanding.
I made some chocolate for my big sis and for you. Yeah I made it by myself so don't be too hard on it... I'm giving you it first so I know what to expect when I give the other to Cleve. Eat it quick and tell me if it's any good.	"You're a special case so I can tolerate you going on a date with Cleve... under one condition. First you have to take ME on a date. Got it? ...""Gladly""?! You're not supposed to say that!"
The Sakura Empire's New Year's celebration is... a bit different from my expectations.	The sleeves on this outfit are long and heavy... and this uh... dress? It's really hard to move around in. Don't they find this cumbersome?
If Cleve was to wear this outfit... Hmm I can't picture it after all.	My New Year's wish...? I'd like to get a bit closer with Cleve I suppose...
Everyone is hard at work preparing for New Year's... but what in the world is going on inside that head of yours?	Spending the end of the year with you isn't so bad... You really still want to see me dance in this outfit? Hmm... I'm probably a bit rusty but let's just consider it a rehearsal for when I'm doing this for Cleve.
"As unreliable as you are I didn't think you'd be too scared to approach a movie prop... You're just ""admiring it from a distance?"" ...Fair enough."	"Welcome back darling."" ...This feels wrong. Doesn't fit the scene."
This set really is expertly made. It shocked me when I first laid eyes on it.	I'm only wearing this dress because big sis told me to. It's the total opposite of the clothes I'm used to wearing... Hm? That's not the point of this all?
Change my pose? Okay. How's this? ...I have no clue what you think is so funny about this. Guess it doesn't matter as long as big sis is enjoying herself...	Wanna sit next to me? This thing is built to handle several people.
No thanks. I can get down on my own. The set isn't a hard climb or anything I'm just not used to wearing this dress.	Are you that keen to taste the power of darkness?
Time to go back to the party? All right. Give me a moment to come down.	"Kneel to the power of darkness!"" ...Is it cooler to recite this line from the script?"
I'd really like to get my hands on a few sets of the Iron Blood's rigging... Heh hehehe...	Y-yes you called? ...You didn't...? I'm sorry...
It's sunny out today... Though it's not like sunny days are always good either.	M-Mr. Bear is on a rampage?!
You completed the missions? That means that I'm free for the time being right?	A commission has been completed. Umm if you need any help I don't mind...
I really don't think you need to go that far for someone like me...	N-not another battle...
Whew... That should give me a bit of leeway...	Oww... Ugh I want to go back to port...
Does anyone need any help?	Mr. Bear save me...!
Just like I thought things are better without me around...	D-Did you call for me...? Yes! Leave whatever it is to me...!
It's sunny today. Sunny days are nice aren't they? ...Yes!	Um if there's anything I can help with... J-just let me know... okay?
Ah um I'm so sorry... Mr. Bear is very sensitive to sudden movements and he'll spring up to defend me...	All done with the missions? Let's take a little break then...
Mr. Bear charge!	I should use this chance to perform some maintenance on Mr. Bear... Alright done!
It's a bit embarrassing but... it's surprisingly comfortable...	Benson told me all about the ins and outs of Planet Bunny... Huh? Is something amiss?
"I wonder if I should take Stanly's advice and turn Mr. Bear into ""Rabbit Mode""..."	I'm so jealous of all the people that get to wear cute clothes... Y-you think I'm cute too...?
I-it's spicy? Was it Thatcher? No it could have been Kalk...	C-can I take a nap yet...?
M-my ears are going to fall off...	Aww... I thought I followed the recipe perfectly so how did it turn out like this...?
Uhh... the black smoke coming from that side of the kitchen? Ahaha... ha... I have no idea what you're talking about~	Being treated like a kid... feels a bit weird... ahaha...
Ah! An inspiration for my new recipe!	I'm number one? Um... as long as I can be of help to you I'll be happy...
I'm ready to go!	Cooking for someone you don't like is suffering...
My cooking would be perfect if I stopped trying to study weird things? Well that's a darn shame! If you ask me the element of surprise is the most important spice!	You feel bad for always imposing on me? It's fine it's fine! I'm happiest when I can be of use to the one I care about~ so feel free to rely on me even more from now on!
I tried lots of new and different ingredients but since this is such an important day I went with just regular chocolate in the end... Please don't be disappointed okay? ...Huh? If anything you're relieved that I went with regular chocolate...?	Everyone says love is the ingredient that makes chocolate good but I can't taste it no matter how much I try... Maybe only you can taste the difference. I guess in that case... Have a bite and tell me what you think.
Would you like to have some soup dumplings?	After studying abroad in the Dragon Empery and being exposed to their history and culture I've learned to be a bit calmer. However I'm still the same person as before... as you can probably tell from my cooking...
The elegance of ladies from the Empery walking with their parasols opened is a sight to behold. So I picked up a few things from them - want to see?	The things I learned in the Dragon Empery came in handy.
Cooking for someone else... is a whole different experience. Cooking for you? Hm I'd say that's a bit of a heart-racing sensation hehe~	Good morning. Sorry that I'm late I ran into a friend along the way and stopped to have a chat.
How do you like my tails? They're super fluffy and feel nice in your hands~ By the way I made them myself	Are we going on a rescue mission today? I really love helping people~
Pirouette and a spin~ To my right is a fox and a bunny to the left~	Whew... Hmm~ Staaare... Aha!
Hmmhm~ Oh do you want to chat? Why sure thing!	Ummm I've got just a teensy qualm about you touching me this way...
You've still got missions~ Would you like me to pester you about them the next time you forget?	Mission complete~ Now let's tackle another job while we're in high spirits~
You have new mail~	Good to see you back~ I've left a refreshing drink and a juicy tangerine on your desk~
The team has come back~ Should we offer them a few warming shots of vodka?	I've gotten stronger~
I'll open fire on the enemy~	We won~! Fighting comes naturally to me~
We lost the battle... I'm sorry for messing up...	Aww these tails took a lot of work to make...
Is there something wrong? I'm worried about you...	I might not have many special skills to boast about but I'll do my best to live up to your hopes~
Oops sorry I lost track of time while chatting with a friend and I forgot I was meeting with you today... Did I make you feel sad? I'm really sorry.	Hmmhm~ Once I start chatting with you it's really hard to stop~ Is that a problem for you in regards to work? Aww that's a shame...
Today is my watch-only day but tomorrow we can chat to our heart's content. This should fix our little time-schedule problem~ ...It doesn't make much difference in the end? Oh I see...	Taking this oath means we will share an eternal bond right~? Wonderful! Then from this day forward I promise I will see you every day without it causing you any trouble~
A fluffy tail for me and a box of wooly chocolate for you~ Hope you enjoy~ Okay maybe it's not all that wooly but it's good chocolate at any rate~	Here's your Valentine's chocolate. You should eat it right away ...Interesting... Oh don't mind me. I just like watching you eat You still feel it's weird and off-putting? Aww... But I like it!
Good morning! I managed to make it on time today. Teehee~	A friend told me a while ago that being around me feels warming sometimes and chilling other times... Umm that's not really a good thing is it?
Gosh your hand feels so warm~	...Achoo! Uhh good morning... Snow? Yeah it is snowing today... Woah it's really coming down hard... Ahaha~
Mrmm... *yaaawn*... Good morning... Sho shleepy...	"Have you seen my favorite pillow? It's ""just down pillow""...?"
Apparently Pamiat Merkuria likes lazing around too~ I find that surprising but also kind of unsurprising at the same time...	Whew... I can't help but admire how well everyone's holding up in this snowy weather~
You won't find any tails down there today~	Welcome back~! A warm beverage would be perfect right now~ Like vodka perhaps?
Easy as porridge in the morning~	Oh gosh! Silly me I need to focus...!
Sometimes it is more important to calm your mind and think about who your allies are than it is to exact vengeance on your enemies.	If you are weary you should not hesitate to rest. I shall protect you and take care of your duties in your absence.
In my spare time... I enjoy foot baths. Soaking my feet in hot water seems to clear my head despite the fact that the two cannot be farther apart. How curious...	I sometimes see Shinano sound asleep here. May the pleasant dreams you give her last forever.
Should you ever feel anxious or frightened please come to me. Your safe haven is here.	How precious... If the warmth of one's touch is what you crave then leap into my bosom. There is nothing to be ashamed of.
A most courageous child... Hehe I do not object...	A new mission? Take it one step at a time and at a comfortable pace. Haste makes waste.
The mission rewards have arrived. Our stockpiles continue to grow more and more abundant.	I brought over this letter addressed to you. Please look it over.
It is good that you have returned safely. Take your time and rest first. To be human is to trudge forward while carrying karmic burden atop your shoulders. There is no need for haste for plenty of trials still await you in the future.	The children of the commission fleet have returned. I am unable to personally escort them back but am nevertheless glad to see them safe and sound.
"Even the greatest trees start as small saplings."" The smallest bit of effort today may one day become the weapon that shatters the enemy the bulwark that protects what we love."	Musashi has arrived. Let us rid ourselves of haste and trepidation for we shall advance with great solemnity.
Do not allow yourself to become drunk off the nectar of victory.	Do not overextend and do not panic. I shall see to it that you are protected.
Your time is up!	No matter how dire things may be I will always protect you!
If you insist on continuing down this path I will not stop you. ...However never forget that water can either support a ship or capsize it.	The more magnificent the tree the more it incurs the wind's jealousy. Remember this well - the more you rise in renown and rank the more you should watch your words and deeds.
You've never seen me get mad? Hehe... Even the most docile of creatures know when to bare their fangs. You would do well not to judge one by their appearance. Having that said it does take some extraordinary skill to make me angry.	Every person has a sentimental side - the same is true for you as it is for me... Do you wish to see that side of me? Hehe... That all depends on how hard you work for it.
What's wrong? Are you still unable to find rest even within my bosom? Your anxiety and frustration are not easily set aside you say? ...Hehe cast your fears and doubts away and be at peace. As long as you are in Musashi's embrace you shall be protected from all harm.	"This would be the ""Valentine's chocolate"" you desire no? Ah the thought of you frantically thinking of how to return the favor a month from now... Don't you worry. I'll arrange everything for you."
You find some of my colleagues difficult to deal with? Just bring me along next time. I shall teach them that an insult to you is an insult to me as well... Oh that's not what you meant?	Phew... What a long day. Would you like to soak in the foot bath with me? I believe you've earned yourself a break.
My favorite food? It'd have to be sea bream. Especially freshly-fried sea bream tempura. Truly a wonderful taste not to be missed.	If you ever tire of petty formalities allow me to handle the socializing for you. As always I will make sure everything is done to perfection.
My lap awaits you. Hurry and come enjoy your respite.	If this sensation is to your liking you are welcome to dive in face-first. Hehe.
You're back already? Did I not ask you to inform me beforehand so I can escort you personally...?	The children of the commission fleet have returned. If you are going to greet them do bring me with you.
Relax and bask in the afterglow of victory. Hehe.	Fighting until the bitter end serves no purpose. Withdraw for now and come back after regrouping your forces.
"Return to my embrace after finishing today's work. What do I mean by ""return"" you ask? Exactly how it sounds. I wish to pamper... I mean protect you from those who would take advantage of you in your sleep."	"Welcome back Master."" Rather that's what all the children at the café were saying to you when they greeted you at the door. Hehe is this some new custom?"
Would you like a savory appetizer or perhaps something sweet? Hehe open your mouth. Allow me to feed you.	Would you also like to help out with our pop-up café? Though I don't mind if you just stay put over there. I can't help but worry when I am unable to see you...
To celebrate this great victory I shall see to it that our friends are served the finest refreshments. Hehe naturally it'll all be free of cost.	The item you ordered was never delivered? Worry not I think I understand the situation... Sakawa I'd like to have a word with you.
The girls have been giving it their all to make our pop-up café a success and a few accidents are nothing we cannot overlook. If anyone feels aggrieved on this basis alone then it is only fitting to teach them a lesson.	Is someone's service unsatisfactory? I shall go remind her then... That's not it? You just need me to handle an extra order?
Comfort and solace await you in my bosom. No one shall be allowed to disturb you.	Since you're here put your troubles aside for now. We can worry about your mission later.
Good job on your sortie. Go ahead and take a seat anywhere you want. After I take care of the rest of my chores I shall come serve you personally. Hehe.	Let us expurgate those who would muddy this tidy place!
I'll have to tidy this mess up first...	Something nice is gonna happen today~ That's what I'm feeling!
Why am I always smiling? Hehehe because I've been having so much fun ever since I came here!	The injuries I've sustained from combat? Hehehe they don't hurt at all.
Hehehe~! You've reloaded me with energy!	Finish them all in one go!
Heehee~! See? I told you something nice would happen today!	Wooow! Look at those mission rewards! We could fill a bathtub with all this oil!
Take aim~! Fire! Bang!	How-dee-doooo! I'm gonna shoot yooou!
I'm gonna punch a hole straight through your heart~! Heheh I've always wanted to say that!	Time to make a sneaky exit~♫
Locked and loaded~! Ready to fire!	No matter what life throws at you always be optimistic happy and positive! You just gotta be!
I always have tons of fun hanging out with you!	So much has happened since we first met... But I haven't changed a bit!
Why do we need to write like this? Is it wrong to do it this way? Why?	I saw something interesting outside! Can I go check it out?
I wonder where those ants are heading... I wanna find out!	I'll give it all I've got!
Combined Fleet! Uhh... move out!	Mr. Kitty hang on tight! I'm gonna get serious!
I want to protect my friends!	Ever since Nagato and I were at Hashira Island I've wondered... Why is the sky blue? Why can birds fly? Why do we fight? ... There are so many things I wonder...
I know some things you're happier if you don't know about but... I still want to know! Besides aren't there lots of things you're happier if you do know about them?	What I wanted to ask was... umm... do you like me? Are my questions annoying? And... Oh right! I wanted to say that I love you and I love all the friends I've made here!
So this means we'll be together as one? That's amazing! It really does feel like I'm together with you when I look at this ring! Why's that?	Nothing can stop us! Chaaaarge!
"Hmh? If fah foo Fummamuh? ...*gulp*. I'm not lazing around! I'm just checking on the pastries that just came in! What are you doing here anyway? To ""taste-test?"" Or is there something wrong with the pastries? Why?"	Mikasa! As much as I like our own desserts I wanna try something new! ...You'll bake something for me? Hooray!
Hmm? Are you that hungry? Just give me a minute!	Is this a written order...? Oh! No this is a letter for you!
Hombhimed Fheef! Faih fofh!	I'm gonna give this to Nagato! Ehehe I'm talking about these sweets not the MVP!
Sorry it was m-my fault...	If I get another chance... I'd like to pet Hatsukaze's head again.
Bergall?! Phew... you were talking about someone else.	I'm supervising the destroyers' training right now. Please save it for later if it's not an emergency.
... Please do this kind of thing to destroyers not me...	Don't call it a day after finishing just one mission!
New mail has arrived! Is this the latest training manual?	This method of relaxing is inefficient. Why not try some of my specially-made energy drink?
Commission complete! Is everyone putting forward their best effort?	I won't let such a small improvement get to my head.
Let's see the fruits of my daily training! All guns open fire!	This victory was made possible by everyone's efforts not just my own!
It's all because I neglected my daily training... Everyone I'm sorry...	Burn this final sight into your memory!
It is not unusual for a weaker force to defeat a stronger one in a naval battle. Victory or defeat is often decided by good judgment and split-second decision making. We must be thorough in our training in order to cultivate these abilities.	I saw your light on so I came to check on you. I had no idea you'd still be awake; even being a workaholic should have its limits! Come on I'm not leaving until you fall asleep.
I-I'm not training.. I'm just... being lazy and laughing at the other girls as they work up a sweat.	What is it? Do you want to be my lackey?
My sisters in the Fifth Fleet? I miss them a bit... err just once in a blue moon!	Ghosts on the training ground? W-what are you a kid? Who'd believe something like that?
Salt Lake City? I'm going to show her that Lady Luck doesn't bless the same person forever!	I-idiot... you're that fascinated with me? At least tell me in advance...
Only an idiot would be unable to complete such an easy mission.	Heheh looks like you couldn't have done this mission without me!
You want your mail? Only if you beg me nicely~	Good work. However you won't be able to catch up to me with even ten times the effort!
Mmhmm. It's important to work hard! Well unless you're me!	I'm even more flawless than before!
Hmph. Another bunch of blind idiots.	Hehe this is only normal of course.
Damn it... just what went wrong?	Kneel before my cannons!
I wasn't talking to you!	Hard work? Not at all. A genius like me doesn't need to work hard. I get stronger just by breathing.
I know I have a hard time being honest with myself but... I'll try my best to make you the happiest person in the world! I swear my name on it!	I give off warm and fuzzy vibes? Ehehe I've heard that from the others as well~ It's a little embarrassing... Nuh uh I don't mind at all. I'm really glad to hear it!
Jintsuu is always so knowledgeable and reliable... I wish I could be just like her...	Lately everyone has been circulating rumors that hugging me or cuddling my tail has healing properties like coming out of a bath. They're even saying that it can cure colds... There's no way that's true right?!
I'm more than just a ball of fluff you know? Look it's my smile and my ability to bring warmth to others that counts~	Mission complete! Great work today! Come come don't be shy – come rest on this big fluffy pillow!
I'm the flagship? All right just leave it to me!	I didn't even realize I got MVP... But this was only possible because of everyone's hard work!
I'll have to work much harder if I want to become an ideal flagship...	Try this torpedo strike on for size!
My friends are still fighting so I can't afford to go down here!	Everyone in the Mutsuki class is super fluffy and cute! Being at this port makes me so happy~!
My tail is warm and fluffy but Wakaba's is shinier in comparison... Hatsushimo's is slender and Shimakaze's is tiny... Um there are all different sorts!	Oyashio taught me a little trick! If I remember properly it goes a little like... this! This circle on your forehead is supposed to make you luckier when it comes to your love life and also helps you become happier!
Still not enough good fortune in your life? ...You leave me no other choice then! Even if you have bad luck there's a way to compensate for it! I just have to pass it to you directly... Mmwah~	Lately I've been wondering how I can bring more happiness to your life. As for the result... C-come here! What could make anyone happier than eating sweet food in a soft fluffy embrace? I already have handmade chocolate and my well-groomed tail right here!
Now that the big day is here I'm awfully nervous... I-I'll be in your care now and forever okay?	I've never done the san san kudo ceremony before. I hope I don't mess it up...
My white kimono looks lovely? Why thank you. I'll cherish the memory of it for all my life.	Moving is rather difficult when I have to worry about my tail and the train... Heehee! That's another fond memory to look back on.
You want to hold hands don't you? I'd be happy to!	If you want to cuddle up with me and my tail then...I don't mind. Indulge yourself.
It's time for a mission. I will naturally assist you. After all finishing it early means more quality time with you!	Well done on another completed mission! Now we can spend some time together just the two of us.
Welcome home...d-dear! Calling you that now is still a little embarrassing!	For the happiness of those we love!
Akashi pushed me into getting this outfit saying that it would surely make you happy but... What do you think...?	I want to be a maid who can bring happiness to everyone! ...I'm going to have to work even harder to make that happen...
Being able to go about business as usual in this kind of outfit is no easy feat... Real maids are truly something...	There's still some time before the banquet begins and I'm afraid I'm feeling a little sleepy... W-would you mind if I took a nap? Thank you...
You feel a sense of relief when you see me? I'm not quite sure what you mean by that but I'm glad that you're happy...	It's not time for the party yet...? Then um let's stay like this for a bit longer...
*pant* *pant*...	We've got new mail. I'm sure it's good news.
I I'll do my best...!	I wanted to help you relieve some stress so I thought I would read some folk tales to you... When I mentioned that Akashi suggested these clothes to me... Wh-what do you think?
Tonight I'll be putting all my heart into reading all for your sake!	The sound of my voice puts you at ease? Th-that's great... it was worth practicing ahead of time!
I wanted to surprise you so I'll be reading one of my personal favorites to you today. If there's something you want to listen to next time please let me know and I'll have it ready!	You want me to read the next story? S-sure I'd love to!
I-I'm going to lose my place...!	No more~ No matter how much you want to keep listening to the story you need to prioritize your missions first!
You've finished your missions! Good job with them. Since you held tight and worked hard to complete them I've prepared lots of rewards for you~	Oh there's some new mail for us! ...I wonder if it's the storybooks I had ordered.
It's time for me to get serious...!	You need to change clothes after getting soaked... Hey do you want to borrow mine?
It's great that Abukuma is finally making friends but...	If it's just taking a break once in a while I think I can let that go.
Commissions? That's part of my job too.	Oxygen Torpedoes.....I want.......
Who is the enemy this time?	I hope every battle goes as well as this one did~!
Hehe are you ready?	Hmm... What should I cook for my little sisters tonight?
An escort? That's my specialty. And this time? Ah going to port with you undercover?!	My Valentine's chocolate turned out a bit dense so chew it well. Hehehe~ Poke poke~ You're so cute and charming when you eat. I might just make chocolate for you every day~
Whispering to you while cleaning your ear like this... kind of makes it seem like we're a couple doesn't it? Hehe forget I said anything. All right all done. You can stay here and chat a bit more if you'd like~?	Welcome ba... oww I bit my tongue...
Everyone's faces are full of laughter here... I think I am rather fond of this place!	Those who speak lightly of war... do you think they are prepared to face the consequences of their actions?
I shall never forget the smiles on the faces of those people who were saved from calamity. That is the reason why I fight.	Is it acceptable to arrange the itinerary in this manner? I do not quite understand how to do it yet...
The mission rewards... Ngh...! Phew... is it acceptable to leave them here?	"What is this piece of paper? ""Mail?"" I see it's mail. Shall I read it?"
I have never had to welcome anyone before. Perhaps I shall do so by firing my cannons?	The commission fleet has returned... H-Hey I managed to remember the time. Have you no words of praise for me?
I hope... to be able to welcome the day when we can all beat our swords into plowshares...	Yet another... tragic battle.
Impudent fools... why did they have to provoke me?	Ugh... I have failed once again...
I am called Nagato... Nagato of the Sakura Empire!	Your wish... is to repeat the errors of the past once more? Very well... I see...
What do you require of me? Hmm? I am not doing anything in particular. After I handed the work to Yamato there is little to do except fight.	I should spend more time with the others? Even if I tried to do that I would not know how to behave and they would be afraid of me all the same... Hey what are you doing... why are you taking off my riggings?!
I see! I am less intimidating with my riggings taken off. I certainly do feel lighter... but why does it feel like I've lost something... like when I appointed Yamato to take over as flagship?	It is enough to be treasured by one person? Since you were the one who brought me out... I shall have you take responsibility... that is umm in other words I command you to... treasure me... if that is acceptable?
Happy Valentine's Day! Do accept my chocolate. This is a most special moment rarely seen... B- because it is Valentine's Day and I have made for you this chocolate with mine own hands!	You. Come hither would you? Closer I say! *whispering* Good. I've now ascertained that you've received my chocolate. Why am I being so secretive about it? Because if Mutsu saw me doing it I would never hear the end to her questions!
The chocolate we give today symbolizes one's gratitude b-but there's another meaning? Then the chocolate I'm giving you... represents both! That's right both meanings! I'm sure that's right...	I-I refuse to let you say that you don't know the meanings behind my chocolate! And... I know how you feel now like I know the back of my hand. You love my chocolate... right?
It may be presumptuous of me but please take care of me from now on... Is that acceptable? S-Somehow it feels a little embarrassing... Ahaha...	You are the only one who has the nerve to keep me waiting.
I am able to smile from the bottom of my heart when I am here. Yes I am very fond of this place!	I shall fight on! At long last I have discovered what it is that I fight for!
I shall never forget... the warmth of the hands that pulled me out from the shackles of my armaments...	What will the future hold in store...? For the first time in my life I want to know the answer.
I never knew that being touched like this... could bring me so much joy...	Uuhh... p-please not right there...
I have arranged the tasks in accordance with your instructions.	My familiars helped bring the mail in. Ehehe they seem to have taken a liking to you.
Waiting for a beloved person to come back... is a thing of joy as well hehe...	A commission has been completed. Shall we take this opportunity to take a walk around the port?
For the sake of our futures!	My name is Nagato. Not the Nagato of the Sakura Empire but of you only. Because you were the one who reached out to me and pulled me from the depths of my loneliness I wish to always stay by your side. You... won't reject me right?
Good timing. I require your assistance in locating my lost clothes... Just so you know I did not misplace them because I was playing around understood?!	I sometimes envy Mutsu... Even though I have my freedom now unlike when I was placed upon a pedestal and worshipped I can't be carefree like her...
Perfect you have arrived. As long as you are here the usual moon-watching will prove to be much more enjoyable... Why don't you stay here today and rest for a while?	What do you plan to do today? Do call upon me if you need my help.
Th-there's no need to be in a hurry to go outside right...? It's spacious quiet and warm here... and you are authorized to pat my fluffy friend.	The moon can be freely enjoyed throughout the year but there are few opportunities for the two of us to gaze at the moon together...
Mutsu? Let her go out and play. Unlike Kawakaze she has no awareness of her surroundings... Ah b-but don't let her hear I said that!	Moon-viewing sake? This has indeed been quite popular but I... Ah f-forget it! If you want to drink then treat yourself! ...after all I'm not allowed to...
Do you wish to comment upon my attire? Hehe don't underestimate the skill of the Sakura Empire's craftspeople!	Prostrate yourself before the might of the Sakura Empire!
"I heard that it is custom to play a ""sport"" at this kind of event involving throwing pillows at others. Heheh then I shall put the might of the Big Seven on display!"	"I have been informed that the things known as ""party games"" are quite enjoyable in the company of others. Will you instruct me on how to play them...?"
I've been so looking forward to sharing a dinner table with everyone else! ...Y-you should join us as well!	I can't help but to feel like... being so carefree will hinder my work...
Phew... Being able to play with everyone s a lot of fun but... I am a bit jealous of Mutsu's boundless energy.	A mock pillow fight? Very well allow me to demonstrate the Big Seven's... Ack! Mutsu don't start throwing things before I've finished talking!
Hehehe... You alone shall be the target of my pillow barrages.	Mm the ingredients have been successfully purchased. I know not what delicacies can be made from these but I am looking forward to the results!
Though this is a splendorous dress befitting the occasion it is too different from my usual attire... Mutsu and Mikasa have nothing but praise for it? If you say so then perhaps... I can take your word. Hehe.	I do not mean to grumble about the attire you chose for me but... I wonder if Mutsu and the others might get the wrong idea. S-say... What was your motive for making me change into this?
I am not sure I will be able to maintain my dignity in this outfit... Stop teasing me already! You may think it's fine... b-but at least save it for when we're alone...	Musashi handles most of what I ask of her but she seems to see my requests as a spoiled child's begging...
Do rest well on this day. I won't abide you pestering me to relax without following your own advice.	Does something trouble you? If it is beyond my power to help you are free to ask Umikaze or Kawakaze.
Do you... find me so irresistibly adorable today...?	These mission briefings... Hmm. Truly there are many things beyond my own reckoning here.
I've brought the mail. Heheh you may now praise me for my efforts!	So you return. Hehe if it means greeting one I care about I am prepared to go all-out regardless of my attire!
A commission has been completed. Yamakaze the reports are appreciated but must you be so loud every time?	"For whom does Peepsy toll""?"
When I take this ring stick my finger through it and pull as hard as I can... It makes a really loud noise like when a torpedo goes kaboom!	My service history? I helped Naka when she was in trouble! I think...
Eeeep...! I knew you're a dangerous stranger! Hear Peepsy roar!	"Wow these rewards are ""fenomennel""! ... Huh?! I'm not getting any?!"
Heeheehee~ Your mail is gonna be gone one day if you don't empty your mailbox!	Commissions look fun! I wanna do one too!
I'm feeling super excited!	St-stay back! My Peepsy's made to keep you meanies in check!
W-we won...? Myahahah! You see that? Nagatsuki is all-powerful!	Waahhh...! Peepsy's nothing more than an alarm...!
Show them what you're made of Peepsy!	Oh nooo! I hope they didn't bruise me!
The story of the boy who cried wolf...? Teehee maybe I should set off Peepsy's alarm to show you that I'm not just all bark and no bite~!	I shouldn't play around with my Peepsy? Hmm... I'll think about it if you play with me instead! Teehee~
Is this shiny ring... for me? ... You'll take over Peepsy's role and protect me? Wow that makes me feel super duper happy! Can I set off Peepsy to celebrate this?	Hehehe! Gueeeess who's got chocol– Hey wait! Don't run away! I haven't even sounded Peepsy yet! ...Hmph! Fine! I'm leaving my chocolate here and going home!
Nagatsuki the kitty maid is at your service~ Do your best to not fall madly in love with my cute looks~! Hehe~	Welcome back Master Oh you wanna hear that again? Sure but first I want strawberry ice cream!
Sure I'm wearing a maid costume but I can't do any maid work with these kitty paw gloves on! Sooorry	I still have Peepsy with me~! I've just hidden it somewhere!
My kitty paws are really nice and soft. Don't you wanna feel them? Here you go! Kitty paws to the face!	You really like maids huh~ But just so you know Peepsy's gonna go off if you keep poking me!
I totally forgot I can't set off Peepsy with these kitty paw gloves oooon!	Grr that Royal Navy maid Belfast is always working... I'm gonna quit being a maid. Hehehe!
If it looks like there's nothing for me to do would you mind if I did a little training on my own? I won't get in the way of your work!	Jintsuu is wise Sendai is strong... but I'll work my way towards both brains and brawn! ...Ahahah though I'm not sure if I can actually do it.
If you're tired would you like me to give you a good relaxation tip? I actually know quite a lot about it~	Hum hum~ Oh sorry am I disturbing you in the middle of work...?
I reorganized the mission list for you! Here please choose one!	I think a commission has been completed. We should go and say thanks to the returning team!
With your support I can work even harder!	My sisters please look forward to my performance in battle!
Compared to my goal of surpassing my sisters this is no big deal at all!	I'm really powerful you know!
Everyone stay calm! Let's change our strategy!	My sisters chose you because you just let them mess around without being scolded? How strange...
What I do on my days off? Well I get up and do morning training I read for an hour I do target practice for 2 hours and then... Basically I make full use of my vacation days! I have to work really hard to become stronger you know?	What are my hobbies? ...I don't really have one in particular. But I enjoy reading and training... Oh would you like to train together with me? Heheheh~
Hmm I feel a little guilty over always making you come with me... Is there anything you'd like to do? We'll do it together of course!	You can stare as much as you'd like. Hehehe~ From now on I will use my brains and brawn to serve you my sweetheart whom I love so much!
Am I one step closer to catching up to my sisters?	I heard that surfing is a great way to sharpen your motor skills especially your sense of balance! C'mon let's give it a try!
Sendai how'd you split that watermelon blindfolded...?! Th-that was so cool...!	"I'm sure Jintsuu will be writing some report like ""The Status of the Waves and Water in this Sea Region"" after our vacation is over. Hahaha!"
It sure feels nice to just float around and let the waves sweep you away~	Eh? Jintsuu you even brought the mission documents along?
There's no way to keep this tail from getting in the way when I'm swimming huh... Wait! I'm sure Sendai knows a way around it!	Am I being too hard on you? What should I do... If I was to make you upset with me... W-well I'm sure it's fine since you're probably thinking up all kinds of weird things right now...!
Are... are you trying to condition me to be less cautious by touching me...?!	A commission has been completed. You should know what to do without me reminding you right?
I hope all this hard work pays off...	Everyone p-please exercise your own judgment...?
Huh? I'm number one? That's rather... unexpected isn't it?	How could this happen... It surely must've been my fault... I'm so sorry...
P-please don't get back up!	You want me to teach you how to make Brötchen? I don't mind but I must warn you that I have high standards... Wait are you perhaps using this as an excuse to get closer to me...?!
I I know already... I'll do whatever you say... so please don't look at me! It's embarrassing... So embarrassing that it's driving me crazy... I I wish this would end already! ...Hauu...	You being you I can't imagine what you'll demand of me if I give you chocolate... but at the same time I have to express my gratitude to you... Ugh... Look just have my chocolate! A-and if you have indecent requests keep them to a minimum... please!
The brötchen...? No it's not ready yet! I don't care who it is you'll have to wait two more minutes!	Slacking off again? Looks like I'll have to give you some p-punishment... Hauu...
Ngh... This is just... accidental contact... There's no deeper meaning to this...!	Hyah?! H-how many times have I told you not to suddenly pat my head! You're going to give me weird ideas... Hwaaah?! I I didn't say anything!!
I'm number one! Ehehe... Wh-what's wrong with gloating every now and then?!	Since you so readily accepted my invitation to go on a vacation together you must be planning to... Ahh what I meant is we can leave at any time if you're ready...!
I wish Leipzig was here as well... Well she's never been good with crowded places though...	I never knew the Sakura Empire's food was this delicious... Yeah I'll have to ask my friends how to make these.
Y-you want to hold my hand?! ...Are you sure it's just so we don't get separated...?	Submarines were born in an attempt to imitate the nautilus. When you look at things that way the ideas for a lot of inventions were derived from animals.
I wish I could dive deeper and get to know the secrets of the sea...	Y-you're acting awfully suspicious...
Nautilus is not a small animal...	We're all done with the mission... Huh? I was a great help to you?
Hehe I took a little sneak peek and there's a lot of goodies.	I hope... my torpedo doesn't end up being a dud again...
I I've found the enemy!	Huh? I'm the MVP? How'd that happen?
What should I do if everyone mistakes me for an enemy...?	Mm now's my chance!
W-woah! Crash dive!	Ow... S-sorry the reason I'm standing behind you today is well... I've got Valentine's chocolate for you... I'm feeling too cowardly to give you it face-to-face... Forgive me...!
The aquarium was so much fun! ...Huh? You'd like to visit it again? Sure I'd love to go with you!	Thank you for the headpat. Hehehe~
Th-thank you for always being so considerate but I've stopped standing behind the door now. You don't have to worry about that anymore.	Bunny suits are made to imitate bunnies. If you like bunny girls that means you also like bunnies right? Um it doesn't work like that?
The Almanac of Marine Life was really interesting. I really want to see all those mysterious creatures in person.	I'm really good at hide-and-seek. When I was playing with Dace I managed to stay hidden 'til the very end! Teehee~
Huh? My earrings are on crooked?	Hmph. Are you done lazing around? I sorted out your documents so I'm hoping you'll get some things done.
What are you staring at?! Keep it up and I'll gouge your eyes out!	"Experience from what's known as ""failure""? Only a loser would say something like that!"
"I'm not just talking about you but those who wave around empty words of ""friendship"" and ""efforts"" do not belong here."	One should only do work one is capable of. You still don't have what it takes to be entrusted with important tasks... Keep honing your skills.
Are you trying to get a taste of my cannons?!	Why are you daydreaming if there are still missions to complete?
Are you trying to make me get the rewards for you? I'll give you 10 seconds to do it yourself! 1 2...	I picked up your mail while I was out on my walk. Read it and be thankful.
Have you witnessed the might of the Royal Navy?	Com-man-der! Did you forget about the returning commissions again?
I suppose I should show a little appreciation for you; nice work.	Hmph. Enemies like these aren't even worth the time.
To humiliate me like this... I'll get you back!	You're making a big mistake if you think I'm going to underestimate our enemies!
Hmph this is nothing!	I... don't even know what to tell you anymore... *Sigh*...
Just with results like these you want me to... You did all this yourself? Don't laugh! I suppose I can make an exception and admit that you did well this time. Hmph!	What are you looking at? I do approve of people who take of their work seriously. Besides in the beginning I just thought you were unreliable I never said you weren't serious!
Go out on a date? Well... It's not as if I won't as long as you keep on working hard then...	Stand straight and puff your chest. You are the one I have chosen to spend the rest of my life with. This is something you should be proud of! ... Of course to be chosen by you is my honor... I'm not arrogant anymore? ... W-why you... Do you want me to beat you up that badly?!
Here chocolate. Since you usually work pretty hard a little reward ought to increase your motivation? I-it's not like I especially made it for you or anything...	Here it's the Valentine's chocolate you wanted. Have you been having trouble with work lately? You should eat some sweets now and then to cheer you up... I- How am I supposed to know what you're eating?!
Here your Valentine's chocolate. I'm amazed that you never tire of receiving it year after year... Come again? You were even looking forward to it?! Excuse me? And what if I HADN'T made any this time? What would you have done then?	It's become such a bother picking out new chocolate for you every year so for once I made some myself. For the record I only put in the bare minimum amount of effort so curb your expectations! ...You're just glad to receive a handmade gift? Good lord aren't you easily pleased!
This costume... *Sigh* whatever. It's Halloween so some kind of entertainment is to be expected. But listen here: I'm not dressing up because I WANT to participate okay?!	I'll overlook your slacking at least for Halloween. But when this day is over you don't get to slack off any more!
I wasn't really planning on dressing up at all. I was just a little curious so... I-it looks good on me? ... T-thanks... Hey don't get carried away!	Stop taking pictures Rodney! I don't want people to see me like this...!
I guess it's okay to have fun with everyone like this sometimes... What? Did I say something funny?	What are you standing around for? It's a holiday; don't you have better things to do?
If you try anything weird at all... then you'll be in a world of pain!	Do you wanna end up like this pumpkin?!
W-what are you gawking at?! What's so weird about my costume?!	Hey are you even enjoying yourself? At least pretend to have fun when I went out of my way to invite you or else I'm going to lose sleep over this! ...Look behind me? What are you– Oh...!
Make this day count you hear? Y-you should know how to celebrate a holiday. You're not THAT stupid...	Rodney's with Colorado's group – they went to the shooting gallery. We can check that out if you want... M-me get lost among the crowd? Like that would ever happen! Especially when you know we're holding hands...
"Look those girls are dancing. Heehee they seem to be having fun. That's the ""Awa Dance"" if I remember right."	I will compliment the Sakura Empire on its impressive craftsmanship. Just look at their blue dyes and this tailor-made yukata.
These fireworks are gorgeous... You are looking at them right? I don't want to stand here and watch them all alone... N-no I don't mean that the way you think!	That's quite a few missions. Shouldn't you entrust some of these to other people?
I tasked the manjuus with collecting those rewards because I don't want you to leave... N-no I didn't mean it like that!	You just witnessed the might of the Royal Navy! ...Ack! Y-you did NOT just see me trip! Got it?
A commission should be completed by now? Y-yeah I know! I don't need you to remind me!	You'll have to shape up if you want to go out with me. Firstly you... Look I've told you a dozen times by now! This is not a date you're just giving me a guided tour around the festival grounds!
Want to know about this? It's called a trident. Don't you think it's cool?	"Unlike the other girls this is my ""maiden voyage"" onto the battlefield. I wish to confirm for myself what this oft-touted ""difference in experience"" looks like."
You would like to challenge me to a game? Very well. Do not expect me to hold back though hehe~	You've done well to return home safe and sound.
As expected!	So this is a battlefield? Ahaha... how interesting.
Ehehe~ As a special service I shall allow you to praise me more~	I shall not repeat this mistake again.
I have no intention of getting friendly with the enemy~	I seem to have underestimated the battlefield...
"You are my world? Did you think you could fool me with such flattery? Ehehe... well I suppose there's a chance that I would let you fool me~ But first you would have to repeat it ten times nay a hundred times~"""	My daily routine is nothing but missions and sorties so it's nice to be able to get dressed up and have a good time. Hehe~
Since joining the fleet I've made a lot of friends. Especially Shropshire — she's both a good friend and a good rival.	How uncouth spoiling the mood like this...
That's right the party venue is right in front of you. Heehee~	Welcome back. Now then please take my hand once more. Oh... Is the trident getting in the way?
Was I too preoccupied with putting on airs...?	Hey get your spirits up!
At times like these I tend to like your mindfulness...	Gambling? I'm not usually interested but I'll give it a shot with you if you're up for it!
Who knew you were a people person?	As soldiers completing missions is our divine duty.
Mission rewards have been delivered!	If you're tired you can always rest on my shoulders. Don't be embarrassed. Come on!
Mmm not a bad feeling!	How lively! Allow me to join in the fun!
Ha you think you can beat me with such weak firepower and defences?	Tsk wait and see how I take you on next time!
You are still way off!	I'm a bit disappointed in you...
I'm quite confident in my own luck. Want to gamble a bit?	The idea behind priority defenses? That is to protect our most important areas... What you want to know how important they are? W-well if it's you...
Oh you... what are you doing getting so bold at a time like this? Have you never considered the time and place for such an important thing? Hmph. yeah yeah. I'm not saying no so bring it.	Yo young man! You want some of my handmade chocolate? Sure it looks a little funny but it tastes like the real deal! C'mon!
I made you a comparatively small chocolate cake this year 'round keeping your dietary needs in mind young'un. Originally I planned on making a big cake and give everyone a slice but Oklahoma told me not to for whatever reason... You got any clue as to why that is young'un?	Howdy young'un! Gettin' all that chocolate for Valentine's Day can be a bit rough huh? Here I got some stomach medicine that you might be needin' tomorrow... y'know just in case~
Young'un you definitely want to get chocolate on Valentine's Day right? That's why I got a hot cocoa blend for you. It's got all the flavor of chocolate but isn't sickeningly sweet. Good stuff right?	Young'un you want some proper chocolate on Valentine's Day don't ya? Well can't blame ya. It's your wish and it's my job to grant it. Here have a family-sized bag of mini-chocolates! I'd be surprised if this ruffled any of the other girls' feathers.
Heh with this I won't be outperformed by those fancy greenhorn battleships. Young'un from now on just leave everything to Nevada here!	Nevada always ready for your orders!
That Oklahoma she's ain't so wet behind the ears anymore. Soon she's gonna be all independent.	Though fighting can't eliminate every problem in the world it certainly can eliminate most of those who would cause problems.
So you fancy a dance with the devil? As you can see I'm ready to up the ante. Young'un what are you going to wager?	Young'un want to experience a bridal carry for yourself?
As long I am here there's no way we can lose!	Your offenses are weak your defenses are feeble! Your reactions are slow and your movements are sluggish! Come back when you've trained more!
Howdy young'un! Aren't you tired from goin' around greetin' fancy people? Come over here and relax with me and some good food.	Here already young'un? I reckon we oughta get to work then.
Y'know that seamstress asked me what I wanted and I told her I wanted my dress to focus on defense. Look how that turned out... But hey I kinda like it. It's easy to move in.	There's somethin' that gets me real emotional about seein' Oklahoma chat it up with friends.
I know you're real busy with work but how about you work on that stamina? You haven't eaten one bite since you've been runnin' around talkin' to people. Here eat up!	You wanna make a wager? I don't have much to bet in this getup... Oh I know! Whoever loses has to stay for another drink! How's that young'un?
Need a break? Hey go get you some fresh air. I'll hold down the fort.	Kinda feel like I'm developin' in weird ways...
We've got new missions! Just in time to burn off that meal.	There's our mission bonus. Oklahoma called just in time.
You've got mail young'un. What's it say?	You look beat. Hahaha how's about I help out and let you lie your pretty little head in my lap? C'mon don't be shy now!
Being focused is a good thing but overworking yourself will only burn you out in the end.	I suppose rigging rocket boosters are still a way's off... Oh just talking to myself.
My sisters are all very eccentric. Hehe rest assured they're good people all the same.	Whether you want close contact or hand-to-hand combat I'll oblige.
Hehehe. You wouldn't stand a chance against me in a real fight.	Even my sisters haven't touched me like that. Hehehe~
I compiled a list of all the mission rewards. Have a look.	I held the fort while you were away on your sortie. Here's a list of things you should review.
The commission girls are back. Have you decided on what to give them yet?	You think I can handle this power? Thank you. I'll trust you.
War is about always thinking two or three steps ahead of the enemy.	Neither will alone... nor strength alone... is enough.
I can't go down as long as they can't hit me...!	Weapons are extensions of our own bodies. They need regular care too.
What do I do off-duty? Hmm. I hang out with my sisters I go fishing I take naps... Things like that.	I like it when you ask me for help. It's... soothing in a way. Hehehe maybe that's a strange thing to say.
I could've sworn that stuffed toy's eyes flashed red just now... Hmm... Maybe I've had too much.	Thank you Javelin. Deliver this bottle to Wichita. It's very valuable. Hehe~
"On a random note why does San Francisco call you pudding""? Is it because you're so sweet perhaps? Hehehe~"""	Lexington is indeed a very good friend to me though her sister can be a piece of work... Ahahaha.
Don't worry I would never spike your drink~	Ah welcome back. I was just drinking and watching TV while you were out. I might get more than just tipsy tonight... Hehehe~
Hehe a victory sweetens the taste.	Would you rather have a cup of coffee a spot of tea or a splash of pale ale before work?
You'll have to get a bit closer if you want to share this umbrella.	While I may not have as many battle commendations as my younger sisters I'm confident none of them know how to enjoy life quite like I do.
I'm no good at these cat and mouse games. Sigh... Why don't you just have a seat and we'll talk like normal people...?	Everyone comes into this world with all kinds of hopes and dreams... But not everyone will lead a life full of adventure and surprises.
It's like... a couple of small animals playing with each other. Hehe!	...You like my soft bits so much do you? Now then what if I were to give you a nice soft satisfying embrace?
It's work that must be done but we can do it at your pace.	Hard work is not always well rewarded... But it seems this time at least luck was on our side.
Mail for you... Do you think perhaps it's from me?	Welcome home. Let me take your coat... You're unharmed thank goodness.
A familiar scent rolls in on the sea breeze... the girls are back. Shall we head out to greet them together?	Mmm... feels so warm.
Such a lovely day. Let's get this pointless fighting over with quickly.	This victory drink is a bit strong for me... I think I'd better hand it off to you.
I've brought such trouble upon you once again... what a dreadful shame.	Glory to the ordinary the commonplace!
Phew... It's a good thing I bought that insurance.	I have trouble keeping people at a distance. I apologize if this has caused any misunderstandings between us.
Rest assured. I will perform my duties to your expectations.	The weather report says rain today. Do bring an umbrella if you need to go out.
Your smile reminds me of the wind in my hometown... it's that warm westerly breeze. Hehehe.	If you take your eyes off me you never know when I might take up my umbrella... and fly away with the wind
...It's remarkable how you've turned this ordinary quiet life into something so unforgettable... Aah... I feel like my heart is about to beat out of my chest with happiness and satisfaction. How will I ever be the same again...?	My idea of a tranquil Valentine's Day is... what I'm doing now; handing you a box of chocolates. Today is a day of expressing one's gratitude and love of enjoying the sugary scent of confectionaries. Bliss fills my heart more than normal thanks to you.
It's all right you can go back to sleep. You're free to rest on me as long as you like if it comforts you. Rest until your strength has fully– Oh dear someone sounds hungry. Hehehe~ Then may I interest you in some Valentine's chocolate?	If I may ask how is your stomach? I know you don't want to let anyone down but please don't gorge yourself on chocolate... Ah you're just taking a short break? Very well. Allow me to do the same and relish this tranquillity with you.
I've got an all new outfit here. Does it please you...? Hehe seeing you all giddy like that is going to rub off on me as well.	My quiet peaceful life has been riled like these waves and you need to take responsibility for that.
...All your staring at me is quite a big hindrance to my work. If you have something you need from me maybe you could wait until I'm finished?	Looking to the future has never been one of my skills... Do you think you could take care of this one for me?
In the interests of fairness I think I should be toying with you next time?	...Don't you think you'll regret it if you keep going?
Welcome home. Would you like dinner a bath or would you like... A nice soft hug?	Let's get the senseless violence over with and then have ourselves a picnic.
This outfit makes me stand out a bit too much... But as long as it makes you happy I'm just as pleased.	I've prepared a barley tea for you today. Now then steel yourself and give the day's work all you've got.
There are always interesting things happening here at the port. I can feel my quiet ordinary life slipping farther and farther away... Of course that's not to say this lifestyle is all that bad.	Do we have time to call up my sisters to join us for some teppanyaki?
It's nice I can push all the maid work onto my sisters but spending the whole day reading a book by myself is a tad dull...	I've heard summertime is when you see a certain type of rose blooming... But I'm not sure if our port has that particular rose?
It's what it is... But if you keep at this my outfit is going to get ruined...	If it's the outfit you're interested in... Sigh... I suppose it's too late to stop you at this point?
Are you tired after all that...? Then let me service you with a powerful healing hug.	Sakura Empire torpedoes... that's scary stuff...
I really don't feel like training... not at all...	I'm not sleeping... Zzzz...
S-stop it...	It's not like we HAVE to finish our missions... right?
We invented email for a reason...	The commission team is back... I'm heading back now too...
Woooow...	... We came here to win... right?
Guess I'm the MVP... That's unusual.	I-I really should've never left the base...
I wanna go home...	I'm never leaving my room... Never!
I'm not sleepy... I just can't open my eyes.	Alright here's your chocolate... Yep uh-huh here it is... I figured I'd make some so eat it... Ahh I need a nap...
No sinking your teeth into me okay? Just like... Hmm on second thought it'd be weird to have you eat chocolate made to look like me... All right just think of it like a figurine... Yeah a figurine of me I guess...	You can let me handle all the work you don't have to go outdoors for...
These torpedoes... could work as a half-decent pillow replacement.	It's not like I sleep all day EVERY day... But that's not to say I like moving around when awake...
Nicholas has a dream... A dream of becoming a statue...	I love doing relief missions as a nurse... I don't need to go outside or take part in any training I just need to look after injured people... What about treating them? No worries they just need to rest and they'll get better.
Medical staff are valuable and should stay in the back... Frontline duty? That stuff is Vestal's job...	I need to control my sleepiness when treating people on the battlefield. *Yawn*... I'm working on it...
This syringe contains Radford's sweetie candy... It won't hurt... You won't feel a thing...	You don't feel so good do you? Don't worry about me just stay in bed and rest...
Some of my patients can be pretty problematic... That's when I just dump them on Vestal...	"Do you want an ""injection""...?"
You must have suddenly gotten very sick...	Huh? I don't get the day off on Christmas? ... Fine give me five more minutes... Just five more minutes... Zzzzz...
What I want for Christmas...? Don't really care as long as I can get enough sleep...	Going out on an errand? Have fun... You want me to come with you? I don't wanna...
Helena wanna take a nap together? It's really snug inside this box...	The beach is too far... The pool's good enough.
This swimsuit is a bit tight... Speaking of which why am I even wearing a swimsuit anyway? I don't plan on swimming... Oh well. Too late now.	There are too many of us in the Fletcher class. Fletcher even made groups to stagger when we come to the pool... Not that it matters to me. I just plop on a sofa and sleep...
I really want to finish here so I can go back to sleep... *yawn*...	My hairstyle? It's too hot so I asked Helena to tie it up into a bun for me... What do you like it?
It's too hot to do anything in the summer... Huh? You'd like to go somewhere? ...Well in that case maybe I can consider it...	Just the two of us all alone... Mm we can talk about anything you'd like.
Not only does she sell chocolate she even wraps it up... Akashi's shop sure is convenient...	Sleepy... Gonna put the desks together to make a bed...
I also brought the chocolate that Helena prepared for you. Make sure to treasure it okay?	Hey could I have a look at your medal collection? I'm just curious which and how many you have!
Why does everyone just take the same exact route over and over? There's so so much ocean to see out there!	Will you check out the course I plotted after I finish this work? Sweet! I'll have it done in no time!
I may be short but I'm stacked! Bada bing!	Ow! Don't pull on my hairband!
Get those missions done on the double! I'll be stuck idling in port forever otherwise!	Mission complete! Can we go on a voyage now? What do you mean?! I thought we had a deal!
New mail's come in! Maybe it's got info on the latest course developments?	Let's see where should I plot a course to next...
A commission's been completed! What do you say we try a different course for the next one?	To the horizon and beyond!
Captain da Recco setting sail!	That's that annoying bunch dealt with! Now we can explore in peace!
Err what? Did I take us on the wrong course?	Wind direction accounted for! Fireeee!
I'm going on a voyage! Without you! Buh-bye!	"If you help me out enough I'll consider taking that route""? Whoa you mean it?! Sign me up as your assistant!"
We've got a date coming up you and I! Since I am the veteran navigator here I'll do the course plotting... I mean itinerary planning! ...You wanna do that yourself? Hmm... All right I'll leave it to you!	"What's it mean to ""link our hearts""? Will I know where you are when I'm out at sea without even using a compass? Ahaha! If only it were so easy am I right?"
Here comes Captain da Recco's chocolate filled with love! Also please sign off on this course I've plotted into uncharted waters! ...No? Why not?!	This course will get us caught in a storm? And this one will get us shipwrecked? Dangit why?! I thought I had it all planned out...
I bought a new map! ...No I paid for it myself out of my own pocket. Making maps is what I do for a hobby!	A commission's been completed! It ain't easy plotting new courses all the time.
I've worked out a course for our date! It goes to a nice kinda remote little corner of the sea! Now it's your job to find some souvenirs for everyone!	Oh I've gotta put on a blindfold too? No problem! I'll still nail that watermelon! Just make sure it stays in place!
I remember hearing the Dragon Empery's got something similar to this just with a rock instead of a melon!	Remember to stay hydrated! Just because you're near the ocean doesn't mean you won't get thirsty!
Wanna pick up a bat and try for yourself?	Oh shoot! Watch out – airborne bat!
Ahoy! Wanna join my sister here under the sand?	Woohoo! Good thing I smashed that melon! ...Huh? What do you mean it's not a ceremony to boost your luck?
If I cause you any trouble I'll let you touch my ears and my tail so please don't get mad at me...	For this one you do this then here you do... this... I think? I-I hope this will work...
A real battle... I'll give it my all...!	I hope I didn't cause any trouble for anyone...
I've failed yet again...	I-I'm not mistaken here am I?!
I knew I probably wouldn't be of any use to you...	I'm trying my best not to cause trouble for people but I don't know how... So instead I ended up making a lot of mistakes...
Ever since I came to your base I've started making considerably fewer mistakes... But even when I do you don't get mad at me so I've slowly but surely been able to get better... Also when you encourage me by stroking my ears your hand feels so warm...	Where were you? Lazing around again?! Did you bring me any food...? Hmph. Let's get to work.
What is it? You want to watch a martial arts performance?	Even if you put a giant plate of steamed buns on the table in front of me I won't relax...
You cannot protect your loved ones if you neglect your training.	What you want to have a go with me?
*sigh* I won't forgive you even if you beg God for forgiveness and bribe me with a lifetime supply of steamed buns.	Missions won't complete themselves if you are daydreaming. Let's get going!
Reading the mail in a timely manner is a common courtesy. Make sure to properly respond as well!	I just finished steaming these buns. Why not relax and have a quick snack?
I've got to work even harder to balance the fleet's income and expenses.	I'll never hold back against our enemies!
Everyone must aspire to outperform me!	My abilities... are inadequate...
I'll show you the power of kung fu!	Persevere!
As if I'd eat your buns!	You won't trick me this time! I'm telling you... Eh? You like me? Wait th-this must be your new way of tricking me! Uu...
"There's an old saying in our nation: ""It's easy to go from a life of frugality to one of extravagance but not the other way around."" I hope that the one I like would not turn me into a frivolous... wh-wh-why would I say that I like you? You must have heard me wrong."	I have no idea how these Western holidays got so popular... Anyway this is for you. Ping Hai and I made it for you. Make sure to eat it all up! I won't let you off the hook easily if I catch you wasting food!
Now that I think about it chocolates are very reasonable. The raw materials are cheap and if you don't pay attention to the appearance they don't take much work... I've decided! This year I'm going to make a ton of chocolate!	This year's chocolate is on a whole other level compared to last year's. It's an elite item the result of years of research and development with a sprinkle of ingenuity accelerated by my feelings for you! I dub thee... Super legendary luxury chocolate! Taste the world of infinite possibilities within!
Where in the world did Bunbun get these fancy glasses... I hope he's not trying to become a pandit.	I'll be everyone's role model!
How'd I even get lost...? My map of the local sea should be perfectly accurate...	Come here Ping Hai. Let me take care of that stain on your lips.
Ping Hai! You can't get careless just because we're not in batt– Blurph!	I'm tired and my muscles hurt... But it was all worth it for that awesome beachside barbeque!
My summer appetite empowers me!	You're not taking my fried noodles from me!
I want another helping of seafood with fried noodles!	Happy Mid-Autumn Festival! By the way I heard that if you prayed to the moon today you'll become as pretty as the Goddess of the Moon! ...Eh you're really doing it?!
Oh gosh mooncake! Yes! Om nom nom nom!	It's a holiday so nobody will mind if I drink a little... right? *gulp* *gulp*... Ahahaha... Something here smells like sweet osmanthus~!
Da Bao Baobao do you want some mooncake too? Here you go.	For the last time! I'm not a bunny girl I'm a moon rabbit! Got it?!
"We haven't had to worry as much about things like food since we joined the fleet but that doesn't mean we can just throw money around...! Anyway I'm the older of the ""Dragon Sisters"" Ning Hai! Great to be here!"	Look all this idol stuff is just work okay! Don't start thinking I actually enjoy it!
After studying all that kung fu Idol dancing is a piece of cake for me and Ping Hai! Hah hah!	Don't worry I'm wearing shorts underneath. And anyway if somebody tried something gross I've got a roundhouse kick with their name on it!
Roundhouse kick!	A new offer...? Heh hehehehe... Sure I'll keep packing in as much work as my schedule can take!
The fans make me really happy sure but next time I'll have to teach them how to save money!	There's so many fan letters...! Being an idol is so exhausting...
Nice work out there got a request you want me to sing?	Is making me sing during a battle some kind of weird fetish thing?!
It feels... even better than I expected.	Oh my outfit...
Where should we go next?	I've vaguely felt it since way back but the Sakura Empire and Dragon Empery are similar in a lot of ways. But also dissimilar in many ways obviously. Those are what feel fresh.
It's so crowded over here... Listen um could you hold my hand? ... I mean with me.	This one's really expensive... But we do need a souvenir to take back home... Fine we'll buy it!
You're late! We're going to the next tourist attraction right now!	Stop interfering with our vacation you scrapheaps!
You're willing to go *any* lengths to anger me aren't you?	Yat Sen said this look would be best for a party but is it really okay? I'm not used to having my hair down like this...
Yat Sen Ping Hai and I made this cake for the party with the help of some other girls. It had to be big enough to feed everyone... But a big baozi probably would have been better than a big cake... Ahem! N-never mind.	Da Bao! Bring the next slice over here! Pay attention!
I told her not to but I'm still worried Ping Hai is going to gobble up the cake before she finishes passing it out... I better go keep an eye on her!	While handing out all this cake I realized just how many friends Ping Hai and I have made lately... Heh heh.
A party this fancy must have cost a lot... Hm... Fine! The money's spent so we might as well enjoy ourselves!	You're not getting this cake!
I never knew pandas are omnivores. I'd always thought they only ate bamboo...	Have some bamboo too Da Bao. Eat it slowly now so you don't choke!
These cubs might not look all that heavy but they weigh a lot for their size.	A baozi? You're not supposed to feed pandas with stuff you'd feed Ping! ...It's for me? In that case th-thanks...
The mommy panda is pretty wary of letting people near her babies... What would her caretakers do in this situation?	I'm so embarrassed...
I... don't like the winter...	If everyone doesn't get along... then that's no good.
Did I do something wrong...?	It seems a commission's been completed.
I'll... give it my utmost...	Is it really fine for me to receive such an honor...?
*Cries*... I'm not so suitable for combat after all...	I'll g-give it my utmost!
Mm... I too want to stay with you forever and ever...	I-I made this Valentine's chocolate with Indianapolis... Er I mean Indy. She's so kind and attentive... A-and it was fun to teach her how to make it... Hehehe
I don't much like winter at all but I do like Valentine's Day despite that. A big part of that is... When I'm making chocolate for you I get this warm sensation that fills my body... Say if I told you my recipe would you want to make the chocolate with me next time? Hehehe~	Welcome back~
Being stared like that makes me a bit shy...	What do I wear inside? It's not something that's so significant
If I think about it I certainly have been to many places... seen many landscapes and also parted ways with many people.	Sometimes I get so envious of my younger sister Washington and how she's so energetic all the time.
Do you need help with something?	Not good...
It's not good to leave tasks unfinished.	The mission rewards were sent out are you not going to pick it up?
You've got new mail~	Ah hold on your collar is all messed up. Stand still while I fix it... there you go~ (waves).
The commission is over they should be back soon~	I'll try to work a bit harder~
Don't be overconfident and try not to be so nervous while focusing on winning~	Not so successful... let's try again next time.
Never let your guard down.	Sisters hold on!
If you're only going by appearances every child in this fleet looks cute. But in terms of personality they all have their unique quirks. To be honest I am a bit envious of them. (strokes chin).	Here Valentine's Chocolate. I made it myself but there's not much special about it... Sigh... Why does even my chocolate turn out so plain...
Just adding flair to my chocolate isn't good enough so I'm always thinking up creative ways of presenting the goods to you. After all where's the thrill in just handing it over? Hehe~	Welcome back dear! Is there anything you need a hand with?
"Do I wear this all the time""? Maybe maybe not. I'll leave the answer up to your imagination."	Whew. This feels so liberating! ...And not in any indecent sense or anything.
Did Washington manage a proper smile today? She's got features as sharp as a knife so it's easy to misinterpret her expression.	I am genuinely interested in bunny girl things but it's quite awkward to actually tell people about them...
I'll take that to mean you really like this outfit am I right? Hehehe~	It's true – you need the ears or you can't call yourself a bunny girl. Hehehe~
Could you help out with my ribbon? It's a bit too close for my liking... Ah thank you.	Maybe I should keep this outfit on and give the commission team a real surprise when they return... Hehehe~ I'm just joking.
Victory isn't the result of individuality. It's the result of good teamwork. Hehehe~	My armor's gotten thicker but it feels like I'm more exposed than before...
You'll start to calm down if you just sit and listen to the waves...	Houston you're too loud! Pipe the hell down!
Hold on I'm thinking about something...	Um I'm a... little ticklish right there...
Looks like that mission hasn't been completed yet. Let me handle it!	Rewards have arrived. You should check them out.
Nobody got left behind right? Then the fleet's safely made it back.	Hey you have a commission that's been completed.
Thank you. I'll have you rewarded for this later.	The battle horn has sounded! C'mon let's go!
I never thought I'd be able to do something like this...	I knew we couldn't win that easily...
This is it...!	I'm getting distracted here so do you think you could be quiet for a bit?
I'm not really the talkative type but if you're still willing to be my friend then maybe...	I have a buddy who's a bit noisy and little sisters who are pretty rowdy so having a friend like you who's rather quiet feels pretty unusual...
Smiling? I guess it's true that I rarely smile... I'm a pretty stubborn girl and I don't have many friends... Hm... If you like girls who smile then I'll try to do that every now and then...	You finally realized it didn't you you dense man... But to be fair I never had the courage to put it into words either... A-anyway from now on let's work together as dense partners in love shall we?
I don't think anything can express gratitude better than Valentine's chocolate 'cause it speaks volumes more than words do. I hope you'll... get what my feelings are after you've tasted this.	Does it even need to be explained just how much emotion goes into Valentine's chocolate? Oh but then again... we're both a bit dense so maybe I SHOULD lay it out clearly. Or... you could guess how much.
My you're quite early today. For starters how about checking today's schedule?	Regardless of the situation you should first calm down think of a way forward and only then act. That's how I tackle things.
...Let's try thinking of some recipes for tomorrow's meals...	Keeping everything neat and tidy shortens the time it takes to search for documents. Why don't we start by organizing the documents on your desk?
Agano's exp... Yes it's truly impossible to tell what's behind that fearless smile... She always ends up leading me around by the nose.	If you're stuck why not stop what you're doing and instead think of a different way to proceed?
R-Regarding your conduct right now I demand that you apologize and reflect upon your actions!	If you feel overwhelmed by the number of missions why not try sorting them based on priority?
I've received the mission rewards. Please double check that nothing has been left out.	Mail? I'll check to make sure there's nothing suspicious inside.
Hm... Ah sorry. I was lost in thought. So you've returned. Let's start by reviewing this past battle.	Please form the next commission team okay?
Please strengthen my combat ability.	Please look over the battle plans just to double check.
If you lead with careful analysis and accurate decision-making your victory is ensured.	We have no choice but to pull back...
Now's the time!	An enemy trap?!
You seem to be in quite the hurry. For once why don't you try calming down and reflecting upon your actions?	I am currently contemplating over the last practice exercise. Do you not also have things you should be doing right now?
An invitation to a joint practice session together from Agano... How troubling. It's full of intent to bully. Even though I want to refuse I can't think of an excuse. Instead would you be willing to assign some official duties to me around that time?	"Ahem. I'm only asking this because I keep hearing my friends use the term over and over but... out of curiosity what exactly is this concept called `a woman's intuition'...? ""I have absolutely no clue"" you say? I see. I guess it's an enigma to you too."
So this is what it feels like to have your heart throb. While I used to be just as inexperienced with this feeling as I was experienced with being perceptive and relying on my instincts... Yes it's all clear to me now. My feelings as well as yours.	In order to not just accept your feelings but to reciprocate them as well... Umm let's see... I'll need to prepare meals go on dates on days off but I also need to make sure I don't lose motivation for my regular duties like practice... Eh? Ah sorry I got lost in my train of thought. Huh? I-I should keep going?
Here's my Valentine's chocolate. Since I'm the one giving this to you you should say something first Otherwise my words for you might be a bit long-winded Anyway what do you think about me?	Phew... If the topic about chocolate hadn't come up the two of us would've been working late into the night. Turns out you're just like me always taking things too seriously hehe. Here you've been looking forward to trying this right? This chocolate's for you. So wanna spend some time together... until the sun sets?
Don't play dumb now. You're the one who called me here and made a face like you're begging for chocolate. I guess I can't blame you too much since I came straight here when you called me but... Here. It's the chocolate you want so much. What next? Knowing you you wouldn't just accept it and send me on my way now would you?	Receiving everyone's blessings is truly a deeply moving experience. But for now let's set everything else aside and partake of our sweet bliss. After all you're not just a spectator anymore – we're in this ride together hehe~
You said you'd be the one to escort me today did you not? Here take my hand... Mhm.	Agano did say that it's important to have a certain degree of flashiness but... isn't this carriage just overkill? Well if you think it's apropos I'm fine with it too. Hehe.
I'm pretty thirsty... Maybe some tea or coffee... Wait I shouldn't. I won't be able to sleep if I drink too much. ...Oh the same is true for you?	What should we start off with today? ...Don't always make it about work. Isn't it about time you let me do something nice for you?
You look like you're having a hard time... If there's anything bothering me I can hear you out you know? If I made a face like that Agano wouldn't let me hear the end of it... Hehe.	Hm? Oh sorry. I didn't realize you called...
What's up?	Still getting overwhelmed by work huh? ...Hmph you're as clumsy as ever. Guess I'll come help too.
Mission accomplished. Why don't you leave the rest to me and take a break?	Here's the mail. You know I was thinking it'd be nice if you'd write me some... Err n-nevermind...
Welcome back. Hehe. To be honest my feet are a bit sore. Do you think it was bad for me to wait here for you like a princess?	Next up is welcoming back everyone from the commission team right? Let's get going.
Second Torpedo Squadron heading out...!	I'm perfectly calm. Aren't you the one excited over the victory?
My face... is all red? That's probably... because of how tightly you're holding me. Don't you ever get tired of me? ...I love you hehe~	Just as I thought this is the perfect place for watching fireworks. You came here thinking that too didn't you?
It'll be a bit of a walk but won't you come along with me?	I only found this place by pure chance. Thinking back on it I wonder how I was feeling when I stumbled upon this back alleyway instead of following the main road...
Please watch your step. The road is very narrow.	If we're talking about dressing up properly for the festival this is definitely the getup. However I struggled a bit while changing into this. I even got laughed at by Agano. ...*sigh*
Hm... Ah I'll be fine even if you don't prop me up like that. ...Um thank you very much.	Apologize and reflect upon your actions. Don't think that you're going to get away with it just because we're at a festival!
Where were you all this time? Don't tell me... you got lost?	Now let's put on a dazzling show!
Phew... Go on fly away little ones. Mind the cage on your way out now... I've been taking care of these guys. What have you been up to?	Don't worry. There's nothing for you to worry about. All the preparations for the party and the related formalities have all been taken care of. All that's left for you to do is to enjoy the evening while savoring this beautiful scenery.
Wah! ...Sorry. I can't believe I almost fell... Um... T-Thank you for catching me...	It's a given that I love the atmosphere here but another reason I like this place is that I feel like I can finally get away from Agano's endless teasing here... Though I'd rather she just stop worrying about me in the first place...
This is yet another massive set built right in the Port. Yes it's incredibly gorgeous... Honestly when I saw it for the first time I forgot I was in still in the Port for a moment. Speaking of which didn't you also stand and stare in awe when you first came here?	Hehe. I think even Agano would take a liking to this place too.
Excuse me... How about I give you a massage... with this?	Once you've rested up why don't we go and make our appearance at the party together?
Though it might not seem that way we're actually pretty close to the Port. Shall we go and greet the Commissions Team?	Freeze and turn to ice... Your time is up.
In the face of well-crafted plans resistance is futile. Accept your defeat.	Hmm I wonder what kind of scene this set is supposed to depict. A birdcage crows the sea blue roses and... you beside me... Um... Don't you think this is quite picturesque?
Whew... Oh are you cold by any chance? I have some hot tea for you if you'd like. If you want someone to chat with I'd be glad to keep you company.	It's good to see you. How should we start the day off?
You still haven't taken a sip yet. Is it too hot? ...Are you perhaps bad with hot things?	It's not like I'm opposed to going into battle as a warship but... I'd really like to save people as well. Much like Hamakaze's always done.
There's really no reason to push yourself to get some work done today. It's a precious day off so why don't you enjoy it for a change?	Sigh... Of course you would do that.
Welcome back. Oh... I know you're thirsty but the tea's a bit hot. Take care not to burn yourself.	Though the snow has piled up this much it'll all melt with the coming of spring—becoming water that will nourish nascent life. I don't think I can remain cold like this for much longer either. After all before I was able to notice... spring has managed to start creeping into my life too.
Why don't you unwind for a bit before you start reflecting on the day's happenings? I'm sure it'll be far more efficient that way.	Phew... Now then let's prepare ourselves for the work ahead of us.
What is there to drink... Maybe some tea or coffee? ...No I mustn't. Too much caffeine will interfere with my sleep.	This feels just like tutoring the little destroyers. Hehe~
Hm? Oh my apologies. I didn't realize you were calling for me.	Why don't we focus on work for now?
What's the matter?	Welcom...?! What are you doing here? Wait don't leave—I was just surprised that's all... Well what would you like to order?
"Did you want me to call you ""Master?"" Understood... Master."	If you're lost on what to order how about I surprise you?
I guess pigtails really do make you look considerably younger... I hate to admit it but it's just like Agano said.	Personally prepared meals aren't part of the service provided by the café so I leave the cooking to the manjuus but... if you insist I wouldn't mind doing it for you.
Please take your time.	R-reflect on your conduct...!
Welcome back. Sometimes I don't really get how I should be treating you while in this outfit... Oh it's the same for you? That's a relief.	"Ahem. ""How's your order Master?"" ...Too emotionless? Then how about ""How's your order Master~""? ...Hey! Are you taking me for a fool?!"
...Take that! Heehee... Ahaha! Phew... I know you don't like admitting defeat but I got you pretty good there. I might have tried a bit too hard but I'm pretty sure you were the one who told me to give it my all.	You should enjoy yourself at the beach just like you ordered me to. Hehe.
I like being able to unwind and have some fun in my swimsuit but long strolls along the beach are nice too. Um if you don't mind... Maybe next time the two of us could...	If you're stuck trying to think about what fun things to do next why don't you ask the others? I'm sure they'd love to join you for anything you'd like.
Sakawa... I have an inkling of where she might be. Wouldn't surprise me if she's at a beachside hut somewhere stuffing her face with sweets. Sigh...	I picked this swimsuit because you told me we were going to play on the beach but instead... No never mind. But did you perhaps... want to see me in something more risqué?
Want another go?	Wh-where are you touching... *blushes*
Welcome back. Care for refreshments? Heehee make sure to finish the soda before it goes flat.	I've received word that the commission team has returned. Why don't you take a quick break from work and go welcome them back?
When it's time to fight my mind is solely on the battle. Playtime's over; it's time to focus.	Zzz... Fiiine I'll get up in a second... The sun... is so warm... Zzz...
I like this place I don't need to hurt any of my allies here...	Arashi... Yukikaze... We're all together again in my dreams...
A-a mission? I hope it won't be difficult...	Your rewards won't disappear even if you don't collect them... I think...
I don't really need a bedtime story...	Someone's come back... Is it lunchtime now...?
Zzz... Huh? It's over already?	I can't fall asleep now...!
Hm? I'M the MVP?! What a lucky day!	Where... am I? Who's shooting at me?
W-what's going on?!	I can't sleep with you next to me...
Movies? They aren't really my thing...	Maikaze... I promise I'll help you this time...!
I tried too hard to be brave in Leyte Gulf... In the end I couldn't save anyone...	I made some chocolate for you too... After Shigure and Yukikaze woke me up and we spent half a day making it... So I'm really sleepy... Good night... Zzzzz...
Sadly my chocolate doesn't bring good luck... How do I know? My own luck cancels it out I guess? I'm taking another nap now... Zzzzz...	I made you this chocolate while I slept... Are you worried about the quality? Just try it. It should be just fine. Happy Valentine's Day... Zzzz...
You came of your own accord. How fortunate... Never you mind. Get to work.	How I wonder would one go about making Agano stop touching my ears...
I like the quiet of the office free from the jarring hum of propeller aircraft.	Whuah! Would you STOP tickling me?
Whuah?! Wh-wh-wha-what has gotten into you fool?!	What the–?! K-k-keep your hands off my ears!
To think a trivial task would have you up-ended like this... If you so insist it's impossible then I will set an example.	Mission complete. Will you get a move on already and process the rewards?
Correspondence has arrived. Don't come nagging later saying I didn't inform you.	No unauthorized persons entered the office in your absence. End of report.
The commission team has returned. I will see to the transport of the goods and you to its inspection.	You have my gratitude.
Enough talk! Have at you!	All I did was perform my duty as I said I would.
We must start anew at boot camp...	Let us finish this!
When push comes to shove retaliate...!	I expect no betterment from you. Go on let your name be irreversibly tarnished.
What do you need from me? Make it quick.	"You need an attendant for your outing? Understoo– Wait why would you need an attendant for a tour of your own port? ...You want to ""hang out"" with me? What does that mean?"
"I cannot wrap my head around your need for an attendant when there are no hostiles at the port... Nor do I grasp this ""hang out"" business! Although I did enjoy our friendly exchange! E-e-end of report!"	"All your talk of attendants and ""hanging out"" was just an attempt to seduce me was it not? N-no I mean nothing bad by it! Oh forget it! You toyed with my heart and now you must o-own up to it!"
I don't know what to do at this ceremony! You insisted on it so it's your responsibility to g-guide me through it! E-end of report...	"Valentine's Day""? Hmph. I have absolutely no interest in this outlandish holiday you describe. As for what I am making it is a type of edible charm traditionally made on this day. Kamikaze told me about it... Wh-what?! You mean this is to partake in this ""Valentine's Day""?!"
Discretion is required to abolish even a pointless holiday. It's for that reason alone I've made you chocolate again. You... say my chocolate-making skill has improved over last year? How can you remember how something so trifling tastes?! I've not even practiced in the slightest!	Oh to hell with it! I will practice until I can effortlessly split this watermlon!
I'm much obliged for the help Hatakaze! Now watch – I will cleave this watermelon in twain!	Wh-what is it?
What in the name of–?! What is the matter with you?!	Whuah! What are you doing?!
Truly Kamikaze? You're certain I will become proficient faster if I wear a blindfold?	The essence of the plum tree is best captured with erratic brush strokes... This is quite the elegant ink painting.
"In the ninth year of Yonghe and the year of the Water Ox..."" Bah! The rest of the text is unintelligible to me..."	Writing a poem in seven steps? Is there a person on this earth capable of such a feat?
Kamikaze what should one offer the young'uns as a new year's gift other than money?	Eep! Y-y-you're doing this on purpose aren't you?!
Eek?! Y-y-you reprobate! What's the matter with you?!	Whuaah?! I've told you countless times! St-st-stop touching my ears!
Should you think of any good ideas for verses tell me. I will write them down.	Huh? What are you looking at? Is there something on my face?
In two years... no one year I will surpass my sister for sure!	Whaa?! Geez... My heart wasn't ready for this...
Let's finish the missions like a speedy swifty!	Don't forget to claim your rewards!
The commissions have been completed. It would be nice if this brings peace.	Everyone listen to my orders and get into formation!
With this big sis won't have to worry about me! I think.	*Cries*... I need to work even harder!
Fire~!	I wonder if my eyes are lying...
I've already become more independent so my sister told me that I'll be able to take care of you now! Ehehe~	It was real hard work putting together this whole ensemble but well worth the effort. Maybe I can convince my sis to change into matching costumes next time~
I paid extra attention to all sorts of details from the feathers in my hat to the tassels on my clothes! I'm really glad you noticed them!	I actually made this little Manjuu eyepatch myself. If there are any doodads you want me to make for you just hit me up!
Alrighty let's put our best foot forward today as well!	Eep?! Wh-what's gotten into you?!
The two of us did some real good work today so I'm looking forward to all the praise I'll be getting from my sis! Ehehe~	Ahh... I'm so hungry...
Hm... I'm getting a bit chubby? No! I'll never give up my search for the most delicious food!	Huh? A mission? Let me just finish these chips first...
Feed me feed me! We'll talk about losing weight tomorrow!	I got stronger but I also got hungrier at the same time!
I'm invincible now that I'm full! You can't stop me from fighting until I'm totally exhausted!	Oh yeah! There's no armor my guns can't penetrate!
Wait until I come back with a full belly!	Oh no! I loaded my guns with snacks instead!
Maybe I should lose some weight... What isn't it normal to try and look good for the person you like? Besides it's not like I'm really fat or anything!	All right I'm leaving your Valentine's chocolate right here! I've gotta go and meet up with Concord and eat up all the extra chocolate we made! See ya!
This Valentine's I've got both premium storebought AND handmade chocolate for you! I'd say I've gotten pretty good at making it now. Let me tell you I had to REALLY fight the urge to eat it myself. I deserve a pat on the back for that... Hm? Do I wanna eat it together with you? Heck yeah I do! Let's dig in!	I'm really proud of the chocolate I made this year! Oh and this one's my self-reward for my hard work ...You want to try that one too? B-but I waited in line just to buy it so... of course I'm gonna share it with you!
Kuro is my dear friend! Her namesake is obvious isn't it? My oh so serious big sister!	Of course the strings are a puppetry thing. So why do I put torpedoes on them? Ahaha... Let's call it an old trade secret.
Oooh! I just came up with a new idea for a show!	Come one come all!
The fun has only just begun right~	As a ninja my sister is always very serious... And since I'm a puppeteer I always thought it would be nice to make her laugh sometimes. That's kind of a tall order though ahaha...
Secretary work eh... Like I'm happy to work hard for you and all but wouldn't it make you even happier to work hard for me?	It's embarrassing how I'm staring at you constantly? Well I don't feel embarrassed so who cares~ Hahah!
"Ah ""getting personal"" are we? Hehehe~ Where do you wanna touch me huh~?"	You really like 'em... *big* huh? You creep
What are you doing? Didn't Mikasa teach you to respect girls with rich histories?	You've got missions. Get 'em done. Me? I've got my hands full with this game.
Mission complete! Haha! I did my share of work so I'm gonna claim my reward!	I'm on letter-giving duty today. You'd *better* appreciate my work
"You're back huh? Then get me something to eat now! I want some of that ""ramen"" the Sakura Empire's got!"	A commission's been completed! Now gimme your thanks for notifying you!
I have design limitations so don't work me like an ox alright?	I'm ready to ram! Let's gooooo!
Loooosers! Are you that much weaker than me? Or am I just really strong?	Сожаление... And here I thought this fleet was stronger than this...
Let's smack 'em down!	Oww... Show some dang decency!
This isn't a naval cabin so why is my room so plain? If I'm to actually live here you'll need to get some much better interior decor!	*yaaawn*... What's this? Bedsheets and a soft pillow? Wow how thoughtful of you! Now I can get myself a good nap! Right then... *yawn*... Zzz...
Sadly for you I don't belong to anyone so you don't get to have me But if you really *really* insist theeen... Hehehe you get what I'm trying to say don'tcha?	Lemme guess: you thought I wouldn't give you any chocolate even though you want it right? You thought wrong! I've got your Valentine's chocolate right here! Hehehe~ I can read your mind like an open book~
"Huh? Was it hard on my back making this chocolate? I was hoping for something more you know grateful! Like ""I've been waiting to taste your chocolate"" or ""You're the best Pamiat!"" ...Anyway here take it"	"Happy Valentine's Day! So how's my chocolate so far? You should already know how good it'll taste just from watching me make it~ Hrmh you doubt me huh? Then I'll give you a preview right here and now. Say ""ahh""!"
So what are we starting the day with darling?	You wanna know more about the war I fought so hard in darling? Heheh! Maybe I should brief you then~ Not that I have to someone else can tell you of my exploits.
Secretary work huh... I'll do it if you can beat me at a game. Although you have any chance of winning anyway	Mh...! I think I just strained my back... N-no I didn't say anything!
You love it when they're big don'tcha? And I love you	"I may look young but I've got a rich history and a vast repertoire of knowledge which is how I know your mind like the back of my hand darling ""Wisdom really comes with age""... We're not touching that topic! Ever! That has nothing to do with it stupid!"
My retrofitting is done! Look forward to seeing how both my cuteness and combat potential has been upgraded!	My retrofitting is done! Look forward to seeing how both my cuteness and combat potential have been upgraded!
Yoohoo~ Remember to keep your nose to the grindstone for adorable old me~	Now with my modernization upgrades I can give other ships a run for their money! Don'tcha think I deserve a lot more respect for all my potential experience and charm~?
Oof my shoulders feel so stiff~! Let me just give my arms a good stretch and shake my butt to get my circulation going~ Oh~? What're you eyeing me for~?	Listen darling I could really go for some Dragon Empery-style fried rice! Yeah you guessed right— go buy me some takeout~
I keep it fairly tight if you know what I mean~	Cannons locked and loaded! Fireee!
You thought an old ship couldn't whoop your asses? Loooosers~	Owww my back... That proves it I'm not fit for these exhausting battles!
What kinda exercise is this?! Nobody said I'd become a dang showpiece! Come on get this thing off me NOW!	Ughh... Why am I here just to suffer...?
Umm... Is it just me or are these mockup cell bars way too strong? Dangit I just hope Gangut comes and rescues me soon...	I have a big backlog of games to play... I'd really like to go home and work on it! Please? Please!
Something smells gooood... So what if I had snacks merely 30 minutes ago? I have a needy stomach!	Grrr... I'm on my last dang legs here... Grrrr...
Urgh...! Don't go touching wherever you want just 'cause I can't move...!	Eep! Wh-whaddya think you're doing?!
You have new missions! Do them quick! Trade the rewards for food to fill my stomach!	You've got mail. See I can do work even with just my torpedo boats!
I don't ever wanna get up from this Manjuu cushion~ Sitting's bad for your health? Well good thing I have you around to take care of your elderly~	Zzz... Fried rice... Garlicky goodness... Hot dogs... Fries... More please... Zzz...
*Rero rero rero rero*... Mmmh! Sour sweet and totally delish! Got any more?	Whoa I got a rare drop! Maybe having you in the room raises my luck stat! Hahaha
What do you think you're doing? Gee what a perv~	"A letter came in earlier. ""Where'd I put it""? Hmm good question..."
Oh you're back. Avrora dropped by and gave me a snack. Want a bite~?	My ramen noodles have gotten all soggy! Ugh!
Lemme just reply with a manjuu sticker~ Don't wanna be that girl who leaves someone on read! Hahaha~	Oh didn't think you'd notice the tail! It's a gift from Murmansk Looks cute on me doesn't it?
You really can't carry anymore? You seriously need to start working out! Oh and don't try to make me carry this stuff!	This manjuu plushie? It's a present for Snezhok. You know Stremitelny! She's a sucker for stuffed animals~
What do you wanna know who I'm texting~?	A little bit of cleavage gotten you all worked up? You creep♥
Happy Valentine's Day~ Did you come here to enjoy my chocolate? Then try guessing where I hid my chocolate – if you get it right I'll give it to you~ Is it here... or maybe over here? Ahahaha~	Eating sweets makes you sleepy doesn't it? Come here and we'll cuddle together! ...What you still wanna eat more?
A quiz? I'm bored so why not ...You have to promise you'll give me the right answers!	I did NOT strain my back while making chocolate! This is just my come-hither pose!
You've got missions! Meanwhile MY mission is to relax from all that chocolate-making~	Your mail? Where did I put it again...
A commission's been completed! I'll hold on to your chocolate if you want.	Owwwie... Shouldn't have put all my effort into my chocolate...
Hmm... You're staring at me so much... Did you happen to want these gloves?	Paperwork paperwork... Where did I put it again? On that shelf? I can't seem to remember...
...Hm? Is something amiss? I do believe I've been doing everything to your specifications...	Nnh... Are you treating me like a child?
The commission has been completed and now I'm supposed to welcome the fleet back... But what comes after that?	Have I become stronger than before?
Shall we go together?	I have been defeated. My sincerest apologies...
Is this good enough?	I... can still do this!
If I leave the uncompleted work here I wonder if eventually I won't have to do it anymore.	Would you like some of the rosehip tea that Aurora taught me to make? ...It's too sour? Hmm... Maybe I accidentally added vinegar...
A promise ring... proof that you always want to stay with me? Mm... But even without this as long as you think of me sometimes call for me and look at me... that's all I need.	Here I made you some chocolate just like I was supposed to do. ...Oh I'm not saying that you told me to make these. It's just that everyone else was talking about making some that I felt like it'd be remiss for me not to...
The next step is melting the chocolate right? All right. Rest assured I'll do exactly as you say... What's wrong? I know this feels odd but I can't make chocolate you'd like without clear and precise instructions.	I made chocolate the same way as last year like everyone told me to. Huh? Not all Valentine's chocolate is the same? While there were some new ingredients I thought it was the same thing in the end...
Paperwork paperwork... Mm as you suggested I put somewhere prominent so I'll find it soon enough.	I will do anything you tell me to. It can be anything.
Aurora chose this outfit for me because... the Spring Festival represents a time of celebration in the Dragon Empery and red is the color that best symbolizes that. What do you think? Does this outfit... make you feel more festive?	Happy Lunar New Year. I'm glad I can see you today.
Aurora also gave me this incense burner. It's supposed to be good for recovering from fatigue so shall we give it a try together?	The broth in the hotpot was as red as my clothes... It was a bit scary at first but the food ended up being really delicious.
The pattern on this fan was embroidered. I learned how to do it from Yat Sen and the others a while back but my hands were trembling so much I made a mess of things... Ugh I wonder how everyone does this so well.	Galatea said that today's lucky colour is blue. ...Don't worry about it? Okay I won't then. I believe you.
...Hm? Already tired? You can lie down here if you'd like.	Welcome welcome. I've been working here as a maid just as you told me to. Umm... Call for me only when you're ready to order.
Did you call? Well what do you want? ...You still need some more time? Call for me when you've decided.	Here I brought you your order. It's still frozen? Of course...? I never heated it up. Why...? You... never told me to...?
Here's the menu. Call me if you need me.	No that's not it? ...What do you mean by that? There's no way for me to know unless you show me...
Sure here's the pepper mill. How much do you want? ...Oops I spilled it all...	"Welcome back Master. How are Mew today?"" What do you think about my greeting...? 'Kay I'll see you later then."
Thanks. This is the first time someone has really cared about me...	Your eyes... Why do they look like those of an abandoned puppy?
Can you please not look at me with those hungry eyes?	You don't have the best imagination do you?
...!! Hold up are you alright in the head?	I say have you forgotten a mission?
I left your rewards over there. Don't forget to collect them!	Here I got your mail. Will ya make sure to reply soon?
Having a drink after battle is something else. You want some?	Commission completed... Not bad. Everyone seems to be growing stronger.
You can depend on me.	Come on taste my 14-inch guns!
Tsk...Winning like this is so dull...	I was a fool to have any expectations of your commanding abilities.
Is that the best you've got?	You're such a coward...
You want to stand next to me?... Think carefully now. That is a very hard thing to do.	It's alright if you don't want to push yourself further. You've worked very hard. I thought you were joking but... How do I say this... I'm used to protecting others... But to meet someone who cares about me really is something else.
Mmm you've worked so hard. I didn't think that you'd be able to catch up with me... You want a reward? How about a kiss? Or an unforgettable evening? Both are fine with me~!	This fleet has turned into a place I can call home... The people I want to protect and the person who protects me despite being unable to kill a bug and then the 'me' who becomes so giddy for that person are all here... You idiot *blush*...
"When I say ""here's some chocolate from your big sis"" I don't mean that in a familial kind of way. You can take it that way too but as for me I consider this more along the lines of... lovers' chocolate. Hehe~"	"When I gave my chocolate to you and you called me ""Sister Penn"" that was somehow really memorable... Others call me that all the time but when you do it it's way different. My heart won't stop throbbing..."
There you deserve a patting. Heheh... Feeling better? You're not a puppy; that's all you're getting for now.	Arizona I was thinking we could have lunch later. You'll come along won't you?
Hey...! Downes! Don't throw stuff at me even if I can catch it in time! I know you won't listen to me but still...	What can Sister Penn do for you?
Hey...! Why so restless all of a sudden?	Cheers! I'll save the champagne until our next magnificent victory.
All right so... Are we good? Phew... Scenes on horseback are always so draining.	You brought lunch? Appreciate it. Be sure to give Arizona something as well.
You falter not even in the presence of a general on her horse... Very good – you'll make an excellent soldier. Together we will make great conquests!	Are my looks really that exotic to you? Hahah! Your imagination is terribly limited.
While I'm not as good at riding as Chapayev I'm fairly capable on horseback... You think I'm outstanding even? Really?	How can Sister Penn help?
Unfortunately for you this armor is the real deal.	Commission completed. It's vital to keep your troops and horses fed and equipped.
I shall trample our enemies underfoot!	By my spear the enemy is sundered!
Maintenance? OK tell me if you notice anything weird.	If you're tired get some rest! Don't push yourself. If you ever want help don't be shy to ask!
I'm always OK with heading out on a sortie~	H-hey that's not at all what this gesture means!
We have a new mission? OK let's get it done together!	Hey a commission's been completed! ... It's not OK to just ignore those hardworking girls you hear?
Now it's my turn? OK~	Against enemies like these it's OK to just use half your strength!
Easy peasy lemon squeezy~	Damn... This isn't OK at all...
Main guns: OK! Armor: OK! We're doing this!	If you have a problem let me handle it and it'll be OK! I can help you whenever you need it!
Are we going out? OK I'll let you decide where we're going. I'm fine with going anywhere so just pick whatever you want!	Are you tired? OK come over here and lie down. I'll wake you up in an hour! Good night~
You want to try my homemade cooking? OK don't be shy request anything you want and I'll make it for you!	Is this for me? O... wait hold on a sec! Are you serious? No no no way in What I mean is OK means OK but Ahh screw it! If it's from you then it's totally OK that's obvious!
Just as promised I made you more chocolate! So hey if you like it... does that mean you want more of it? OK then I'll make even more next year!	You want some Valentine's chocolate from me? Sure thing~ Just give me a sec. Almost ready... and here! This is what you wanted right! (KABOOM!)
Happy Valentine's Day! Here's your chocolate for the year! ...Huh? You wanna try making it together sometime? OK! In fact since I've not put away everything in the kitchen yet we can do it right now!	So we're making chocolate together this year right? You got the time? Great. I'm OK and good to go... Hell more than OK I'm pumped! This is one of those moments when I can say I feel my heart racing with excitement. Let's get started!
"My motto is: ""be the best at everything""!"	It's here it's here! Want to head out now?
Hey~! Be a gentleman!	How could you fall behind on something as simple as missions?
Looks like our well-deserved rewards have been delivered.	Looks like we made it back safe and sound as usual today!
Commission completed... Hey isn't it about time you let me head out on one?	Alright! I've gotten stronger!
Hahah! Aren't there any strong enemies left for me to fight?	Tsk I'll get you for this!
My hand is calling out to me to seize victory!	Get outta here coward!
What's the matter? If you're okay with me then I can give you some advice!	I see. It's no wonder that whenever I'm with you I'm in such high spirits! I feel like my heart is on fire! This is it this is love... I've never experienced this before...
... Thank you. I'll accept it. Also um... I don't really know how to talk all sweet or flirt or anything like that but now that you've chosen me I promise I won't let you down!	Yo! I prepped this chocolate just for today! I'm not the best at making sweets but improvisation is totally my name! Just don't expect too much alright? Hahahah!
So I went to Helena to get some hot tips on chocolate-making! It'll be a while before I'm as good at it as her but I've got the gist of it down. Plus she told me what sorta chocolate you like so I reckon this'll be the best chocolate you've tasted yet!	Socks? Big sister said we should spend less money so we share one pair together...
Kung Fu? Big sister said we could earn some Coins by performing on the street so I learned that too...	Pandas? On our heads? They're also sisters!
Big sister told me to beat up any bad guys that I come across. But what is a bad guy?	Big sister says that missions won't complete themselves if I'm daydreaming. Does that mean they will if I practice kung fu?
I'm... hungry!	Do I get any tasty food for winning?
Number one? Does that taste good?	Big sister where are you?
Hi-ya! Kung fu!	I'm hungry...
My big sis suddenly became super motivated to make chocolate. Also she keeps telling me to eat as much as I'd like... Want to help me out?	My sister bought another pair of socks again but then gave them to me... Could it be that she actually wants to wear them?
You want me to stop doing high kicks? Why though?	Shaved ice is better than steamed buns fireworks are prettier than shaved ice and more precious than fireworks is...
B-big sister where are we...? And where is everyone...? Eek! I-I think I just heard something... Oh right this place is uninhabited.	Big sister and I got lost on on this strange island and saw some weird stuff... What was weird about it? Look it was really weird that's all!
Liquor chocolates? Wait no big sister! You shouldn't eat those...!	Big sister told me the dining table is a battlefield of its own so I'm gonna stay on my guard!
D-don't stare at me like that... Fine I'll give you a third of my ice cream... Ugh okay half! But no more than that!	Fried noodles! Grilled fish! Ice cream!
Will you give me food if we win this? Pretty please?	I feel like I could hop all the way up to the moon in this outfit...
"Big sister says that even though we have some money now we still have to save as much as we can. Um... Anyway I'm the younger ""Dragon Sister"" Ping Hai. Erm... I'm kind of hungry. Do you maybe have something to eat?"	I think big sister really likes her idol outfit.
Big sister says all I need to do is be myself up on stage but the truth is I don't know how to be myself unless she tells me...	I think everybody really likes Baobao. Let me do a show with Baobao next time!
I think I'm wearing it right?	Big sister says more offers means more money...
They gave me so much good stuff to eat. I love it!	Big sister my clothes ripped... sew them for me...
The Sakura Empire has lots of delicious food that I've never tried before! Yeah! It's a great place!	Big sister made a stupidly jam-packed schedule. Just looking at it makes me sleepy... But there's apparently lots of tasty food by the tourist attractions so I'm coming along!
"Big sister said this is a prize vacation so we can't try out all the local restaurants... What even is a ""prize vacation""?"	Big sister looks thrilled to get to enjoy a vacation! Seeing her smile and getting to eat so much good food has me feeling thrilled too!
Let go of my jacket big sister~! I've not finished my food yet! Give it a try you too it's really yummy!	The goal of our vacation? Mine is to try *all* of the Sakura Empire's yummiest food!
There's so much tasty food I want to try!	There's always a lot of delicious food at these parties! But my sister said I'm not allowed to have any cake until everyone's gotten their slice... Baobao let's be on our best behavior!
Here's your cake. Eat up. Ning Hai is passing out blueberry cake but I've got strawberry.	Baobao where do I bring the next slice...?
Ning Hai always says I need to make more friends... But really I have so many friends already!	Mm. I've known for a long time my sister and I are very different in that department.
I'm... so hungry... Maybe just a little bite... No! Ning Hai told me not to!	Cheese! That came out looking good! Hehehe~ I'm really glad to be a part of this charity event for nature along with you and my sister! Baobao is really glad too!
Big sister told me to look after these pandas! Does that mean I should play with them?	Look at the camera! I'm gonna take a group photo!
Eat lots Baobao! Then you'll grow up to be as big as your buddy!	I'm not allowed to feed them baozi? Okay I'll keep that in mind...
I'm gonna take a bunch of pics of these cute pandas and show them to people around the port!	Oh do be careful now... Miss Edinburgh it seems that the rumors of your clumsiness were... not greatly exaggerated.
Did you need some papers disposed of. *BOOM* ...There you go. Rejoice for I have turned your troubles into a pile of ash!	Having trouble focusing on your work? Well I suppose I could tell you a fairy tale. A long long time ago...
You'd like to hear me sing? Then please tell me what you'd like to hear—if it's something I don't already know I'm willing to learn.	Your hand feels most pleasing upon my head. Thank you.
The mission rewards are here. Let's open it—it'll be destroyed if I fire a shell at it? Understood.	I shall take you on.
Please excuse me.	I'm ashamed to show you my unsightly side...
A pleasure to see you today. As you can see I am currently partaking in a tea party with my esteemed colleagues. Why don't you join us? Let's find you a seat... How about in my lap?	"Please leave everything to me Master."" ...How was my impression of Belfast? Hehehe."
How about reading a book for a change of pace? I don't mind lending you something from my personal collection. Mhm please rejoice.	Hmmhm~ Please make your next song request! Ask anything of me.!
The mission rewards are right here. Other than carrying them back is there anything else I can help with?	Was this victory worthy of rejoicing? If not I shall seek out another foe.
Are you satisfied after seeing me in my swimsuit? If you'd like to see me in another outfit just give me your order. W-whether it's a maid outfit or a bunny girl outfit... as long as it makes you rejoice...?	You want some song suggestions? Well if you're fine with the kind of screamo Miss Ulrich has been showing me then... Oh I don't need to sing it for you?
Will you be swimming? Then let me make the pool larger... Excuse me would you mind getting out of range of my main battery? Oh... Dearie me.	Sure let's laze around together.
This is rather embarrassing but...	Hehe you sure took your sweet time. The fleet exercises are about to start without you~
My Zara is always so gentle and lovely I just can't take my eyes off her.	"All these ""conventions"" and ""treaties""... Things that do not consider the feelings of actual people should disappear from this world."
A true fighter does not fear any danger. I won't back down even in the face of a heavy storm.	The feeling of being enveloped by a searchlight... makes me a bit uneasy.
My rapier is not simply for show you know.	You surely didn't do the same kind of stuff to Zara right?
"You've got to stay motivated and finish your work... Or were you expecting me to give you some ""motivation?"	All done with the missions huh? That's what I want to see. ...I haven't forgotten about the reward. Mind waiting there for a bit? Hehe~
The commission fleet has returned. All your girls are such hard workers.	Oh? Some interesting developments.
The small fry never seem to learn their place.	MVP? Why that's only natural. Enemies of this caliber aren't even worthy of staining my mantle.
My mantle's all dirty now. What a shame...	Let's have a little bit of fun~
My turret won't move? Why... at a time like this...?	My gentle and compassionate Zara simply doesn't know how to say no to others. I wonder what should I do...
So between Zara and me who do you like better? Well... you wouldn't know the answer to that unless you tried right~? Hehe~	Because you're so kind I worry about you too just like with Zara. But... because of your kindness we also know that we can entrust you with our futures.
"Oh? What's caught your eye? This chocolate I got from Zara? Or are you waiting to get the chocolate I made? Hmm... How about we satisfy both your curiosities and let you taste both mine and hers? Say ""aah"""	I do say if you want to watch the game from over there don't come crying to me when you get hit by a stray ball. Got it?
...Isn't this swimsuit... a bit too tight...?	What are you staring at? Hehe spit it out already... Just what were you thinking about?
Much easier than a match against Zara. Heheh~	Damn it... I'll remember this!
Look I know most people would panic if they were suddenly told to manage every last facet of a fleet but I'm one of those few who have what it takes... Right?	When you need my help just grab my hand and hold it tight!
I-I-I am NOT some easy girl!	My cap is NOT just for show!
Mission complete! ...And unsurprisingly I could've never accomplished it alone... Ahaha...	Your trusty secretary brings you new mail right on schedule!
Commission supplies have arrived! Allow me the honor of processing them!	The greater your ability the more responsibilities you deserve!
Have faith in my orders! They will lead you to victory!	Captain Pompey the Great has once more led her allies to a spectacular victory!
We're defeated... My dignity has been destroyed and the fleet's reputation will plummet dooming it to fade into obscurity... Oh err I didn't say anything!	Nothing is impossible for Captain Pompey!
No big deal! I can keep going!	I've accepted a plethora of errands and consultations with other girls today. Soon I will be the talk of the port and every– What do you mean this schedule is infeasible? Don't you know? Nothing is impossible for me!
Now I get it! I can earn more recognition if I focus on you plus then I won't have to worry about breaking promises. So with that in mind will you let me take care of all your problems whenever they arise? ...I'm begging on my knees here please don't turn me down.	Just as the capital wasn't built in one day it takes time for people to form close bonds. Okay I know that's an odd example! Basically what I'm saying is: I'll make a concentrated effort to spend quality time with you so we'll become better acquainted! Otherwise I'll feel like you wasted this ring on me!
As you know I have a laundry list of errands I must run for my friends so I'll be unable to give you my attention for some time... Please I just messing with you! I'd never leave you out in the cold!	When you need comforting just hold my hand! Heheh!
Wait I'm still not ready for this! ...No I mean I'm just saying... I've never done it before but I'll figure it out somehow!	Hey! You know that place popular with couples I brought up the other day? Don't say the name it's on the tip of my tongue! It's... Hrmmm... Sigh I can't remember... But you know what? You can make the first move and decide where we'll go for once. Hehehe~
Remember to get the literature Impero asked for... and the picture books for Maestrale and Libeccio... and to buy soda for Archerfish... Zzz...	I remember now! Someone asked me to reorganize this place! And since you're already here you should help me– I mean help all of us by tidying up with me!
Wait stop! There's not enough room for both of us!	For the last time there's not enough room for both of us! PLEASE get it into your head!
What's with the kiddy treatment?!	There are new missions? Okay I'll note that down and sort those out later!
Mission complete! ...And I've not even gotten started on them yet... Wait did you finish ALL the missions before I could attempt them?!	New mail? Might be our performance evaluation... C-come here and let me have a look at it!
The commission team brought back new components and there are way too many to sort through... But that's okay! I like a challenge!	Victory! ...Wait I just realized we played for fun and still won!
My little sister is just so lovely~	Would you like to see my special Indy mags?
Whoa! ... Not even Indy has touched me like that before!	If I don't do these missions properly then I can't show myself to my little sister.
Now I can do some more of this and some more of that to Indy!	... Indy... Ah that's not it... Everyone follow me!
My cute little Indy~ Look! Aren't I amazing~?	Dammit... I can't let my little sister see me like this!
Aahh Indy is sooo cute... Hey could you stop interrupting me?	Don't interrupt me when I'm fantasizing about Indy!
Indy's soooooo cute!	Kids? Let me think... I want them to look like Indy and... I want ten! Let's say ten to start with! ... Huh?! Aahh! Just what are you making me say~?!
Nice to meet you I'm Indianaportland! ... Hm? Who's Indy? She's my precious little sister and my most beloved...	I didn't miss any major battles you say? Well... if I'd have missed any of Indy's cute moments then I'd regret it so much I'd want to cry!
Whether on the way to school in class or heading home I'm always with Indy... School life is the best thing EVER!	You think Indy's suuuuper cute too right? She really is! If you want I'll let you cuddle with my Indy plushie just a bit!
Welcome back. Shall we have tea before getting back to work?	Would you like to have some tea? I have also prepared some sandwiches. By the way I am a fan of pickles.
You know what doing this means right? *Smiles*	Rewards received! You performed beautifully.
The commissions are complete it is your duty to welcome them back.	Let's not repeat failure again...
Courage is necessary for success All ships fire!	The taste of victory is always sweet.
A horse may stumble even though he has four legs. Let's try again next time.	It's a showdown!
Get up! We're going to go look for a fight!	Keep your distance. You are not qualified to command me...
I had a dream a dream of that time which makes me feel hopeless even now... But when I open my eyes and see you by my side it feels like life... like life isn't so bad after all...	Thank you for always taking care of me and getting along well with my sisters — George York Howe and even Monarch. They can be a handful but you've earned their trust... and I'm quite impressed by that. Heh.
Managing the fleet is complicated and difficult. If there's anything I can help out with let me know.	Should I prepare a snack for you? I'm not skilled enough to be able to boast to others like George does but my cooking won't disappoint either.
Repulse Vampire and Hood and Eugen and Bismarck... It seems there'll be no risk of boredom while I'm by your side.	I'm used to taking care of Her Highness' needs so it's perfectly fine for you to make absurd requests from time to time. On top of that I'll flawlessly complete your request and make you fall in love with me all over again... Hehe how does that sound?
Is it already time for the tea party?	You know exactly what this means right? Hehe.
A toast to our victory. Never forget that you are the reason that everyone can enjoy this peace for yet another day.	Commissions have been completed. Let's go greet the girls together.
Love based on pretense is a vile thing. I give myself to you as I am and I accept you for who you are. No matter how many mistakes you make I can overlook them all because my eyes are cloudy with tears of happiness. That's what lovers do after all.	I'm not a big fan of beach volleyball but Hood begged me... I swear that girl! She just can't get enough of the sun! You've got to cheer for me!
Although I don't really want in on the beachball game but it was a request from Hood....That sun-loving girl. Don't forget to cheer for me!	Regardless of the time and situation to ignore a fair maiden is most ungentlemanly.
Hood you should get some sun once in a while too you know.	Do you need me to teach you how to properly treat girls?
Fear not for dangers and obstacles leap over challenges and charge towards your goals. This is how unprecedented accomplishments are achieved!	New mail? Hood stop staring at me. They aren't for me!
I'll welcome the girls home from commission. Take a rest if you're really tired.	I can't die happy until I see Prinz Eugen with a true and honest smile on her face.
Love with you is like priceless treasure. I wouldn't trade even an entire kingdom for it!	Learning about the customs of the other nations is quite interesting. I feel like I get along better with the Sakura girls now.
"I miss my black tea a bit but I suppose ""when in Rome do as the Romans do."" I guess I should fully enjoy the culture of the Sakura Empire."	Why are you staring at me? I'm... suave? Hehe I suppose I should take that as a compliment.
Oh you're back. Did you run into any of my sisters on the way here?	The Manjuus drive these things... Sure it's a mystery how they're able to turn the steering wheel but I'm more curious about how they're able to step on the accelerator...
Does something about this outfit bother you?	Heh I won't let you go any further.
Let's put on a performance to be remembered – for the sake of your victory.	You're finally here. Did you rest well?
Did you need something? Oh it's fine. I wasn't doing anything special just sorta letting my mind wander.	Sara? ...S-Saratoga is someone I admire very much. I wouldn't dare call her by her nickname.
Montpelier is a close friend of mine. It's not because we were both members of the Cleveland class but because we both have someone we really look up to in our lives.	Feel free to give me as much work as you need. It's part of a secretary ship's duties so don't fret it.
What do you think I'm too inexpressive? I was wondering if that's why it's like you're always trying to make me laugh.	Have you never tried a knuckle sandwich before? How about a taste of mine... Hyah!
We've been assigned new missions? Let's give them a look.	Mission rewards... My heart's dancing with glee.
Your mail? I'll go get it so just stay there and focus on your work.	You look pretty tired. Here's a towel.
Heading out to greet the commission team? I'll go with you.	Go forth... No. Let's put the lessons we've learned into practice!
Looking good. Let's press on.	Still out of Saratoga's league...
I won't let history repeat itself!	Honestly I'd rather have Saratoga be the one giving me directions.
You wanted to have a chat over some tea? Pl-please just a moment... Umm I need to tidy up the room a bit so I'd appreciate it if you could give me half an hour or so...	Ahem! So you were asking about my hobbies? I like to read books and... study Saratoga's battle style. In terms of combat prowess I sincerely believe that Saratoga is in a class of her own and wouldn't lose even to Enterprise herself.
I'm so lackluster compared to Saratoga so why would you...? Err not that I'm turning you down! If anything I'd be willing to go through thick and thin with you as long as you're fine with someone like me... Yes let's be together!	(Special Valentine's Chocolate' from the candy store at Manjuu Land that you visited with Princeton. She seemed pretty lost inside the amusement park but the moment we entered the candy shop she had a dazzling smile on her.)
(Classical music plays in a rented-out tea room as Princeton hands you a box labeled Special Valentine's Chocolate. This may in fact be the one day of the year when you get to see that faint smile on Princeton's face.)	I'm so happy to see you again. Let's get stuff done!
Wow... I can't believe Saratoga called me Princey... Today must be my lucky day.	Montpelier's sister Cleveland is truly... a fascinating person. There are plenty of things I can learn from her as well.
Feel free to entrust me with as much work as you need me to. After all we've both sworn to work hard to become like Saratoga... no?	I don't mind you trying to get me to laugh but these pranks are a bit... W-wait was this Saratoga's idea all along?!
Geez that was very naughty of you. *pat pat*	You look exhausted... Hold still I'll wipe that sweat off your brow.
Have you done your stretches yet? You don't want to get cramps because you rushed into the ocean unprepared.	"I got this collector's edition of ""Saratoga: Beautiful Summer Days"" from Gridley. Looking at Saratoga enjoying the summer with everyone else makes me wish I could join her..."
Hehehe. With this I'll be able to improve my sense of balance and my physical strength at the same time. Would you like to give this a try as well?	You want to get on? I-it's not that I don't want you to but...
W-wait a second! If you move too suddenly it'll capsize... Wah?!	If you stay out while the sun's blazing... you're going to get heatstroke. Make sure not to let the sun cook you for too long.
You're finally here? ...Ah well I only just got here as well so don't worry about it. Anyway shall we get going?	I heard there's a famous candy store around these parts. W-Why don't we stop by there first?
Saratoga told me this outfit looks fine on me but I wonder I really do look presentable in such cute clothing...	A shooting game? Alright I'll show you how much I've improved thanks to Saratoga's special training sessions! Oh... it's a bit embarrassing to get all pumped up by myself...
You want... to hold hands? ...W-Well that's not a bad idea... Even though this isn't a big deal why is my heart pounding so furiously...	Y-You did that on purpose didn't you?!
Of course I've prepared a present for Saratoga I do so every year. Saratoga didn't seem all too pleased though... What could be the issue?	I heard someone at the port accidentally tied herself up while making some ribbons. I have to learn from those mistakes.
You want me to tell some Santa stories to the destroyer girls... I did promise Saratoga I would help her out but I'm not much of a storyteller...	If you love my smile so much... I-I suppose I could smile a bit longer for you.
H-hold up! The ribbon's going to come loose–!	Check the mailbox? I'll do that when I go send out the presents.
This hourglass is real neat. Let's reset it and watch the sand go again. And again... Welp that got old fast. Now 'scuse me while I go rummage through your desk for other cool gadgets.	Sheesh that's a crazy amount of paperwork on your desk. Wait can't we just feed 'em to the shredder and be done with it? ...No? Fine I won't do it then.
Don't you ever feel fed up doing the same task for hours at a time? I'd give up after like thirty minutes.	"You know how Heinrich nicknamed her rigging ""Eisen""? I'm thinking about naming mine too."
Huh? I don't recall doing anything to earn a headpat but okay.	The mission list grows ever longer... I say we just put it through the paper shredder honestly.
Yo your mailbox is full. Want me to empty it for you?	Hello? A commission's done. The girls brought back a ton of stuff so I helped them out with it.
Woo! Yeah! Feeling stronger already!	Ho-kay! Warm-ups done now let's do this thing!
K.O.! The enemies are all down for the count!	Retreating already? Guess I'll do the same...
My comeback is-a coming in round two!	You're such a lame-ass... I'm gonna go hang with someone else.
Let's start by checking out the depot. There's bound to be peeps there who need a hand or just wanna hang out.	Seeing other people happy makes me happy too~ That's why I love both helping people and hanging out with 'em equally. Other girls have said we're the same in that regard you and I. You just love seeing people happy too right?
Sooo how 'bout say we look around for people in need of a helping hand? There ain't no problem we can't solve together. And if nobody needs help we can just hang out instead.	Does this mean we're like super duper besties? ...Even more than that? Huh... Super duper ultra mega besties then? Let's go with that and promise each other we'll always be together~
Howdy. Finished charging your batteries? I can help if you still need more energy.	Yeah hey... Hmm... Huh? Me? I'm as carefree as can be. What about you? Something you wanna get off your chest?
Man your desk is just loaded with neat stuff. Hehehe ain't never a dull moment in your office~	I'm like a human shredder tearing paperwork you don't wanna do into ribbons... Hmm. You sure you can still manage with this amount?
It's not so bad doing the same task all day when you've got someone to vibe with~	Heard Strasser sat Heinrich down and made her read a book for once. Maybe I should find something to read before bedtime.
You've really got a uh keen interest in women's bodies.	I'm gonna open the window and get some fresh air in here. C'mon! Breathe in breathe out!
You down to hang out with me today? Ah right you've got work... Tell you what I'll help you with it. First order of business: putting a smile on your face~	How'd I end up here lying down on the counter...? Think I closed up shop then got all sleepy... *yawn*... Truth be told... I'm still pretty sleepy.
Taking orders moving dishes and cleaning tables that's this job in a nutshell. Never gets boring as long as you do 'em in rotation!	Honestly not a fan of the liquor menu. All the drinks on there make my head spin...
Earlier today I was caught gawking at my coworkers while they were mixing drinks. I was so distracted that Bismarck herself called me out for it.	I'm no marionette ya hear!
This stuff won't fly during open hours ya hear?	We've still got missions to do! See? You do need my help~
Finished a mission huh? I say you've earned yourself a drink.	Mail always finds its way to you wherever you go huh?
We're meant to be closed for the day but I'm all ears if you've got any requests~	Those girls you sent out are back? I'll whip up some drinks for them later.
Hmm~ What is it? How would you like me to train you today?	Hmm? Check up? Vielen Dank~
If you overwork yourself too much... you ~ will ~ die.	Lucky ship? Are you mocking me?
Operation Rheinübung? Looking back that was how it all began for me.	Have you finished having your fun?
Now then it's my turn to have a taste of you.	Missions... aren't there any interesting ones?
There's new mail. Hehe~	Commission completed? Let's see if there is anything interesting to report.
This feeling... isn't half bad.	All ships open fire!
*Yawns* ... Battleships? Nothing but small fry.	Hehehe... now you've done it...
It's not enough. I. Want. MORE!	Ahhh... how interesting!
Mind getting out of my sight? You're a bit of an eyesore.	Ich liebe dich~ is this a joke or the truth? Why don't you decide for yourself~
Why do you feel a warm tingling feeling inside you ask? Well I wonder? What I gave you were Valentine's chocolates. Isn't it obvious that the feelings of the person who made them would be conveyed by them? Feelings such as passion gentleness and slightly melted love... Hehe~	Here are some Valentine's chocolates for you. But you know what I really wanted to have you taste savor the flavor and devour was...My~ what might you be imagining? I haven't said anything yet you know? Hehehe
Prepare for the tastiest Valentine's present you'll ever get – me. Heheh you should see the dumbfounded look on your face. Guess what? I know exactly what you're thinking right now. You're fantasizing about what will come later today. Heheheh	Where's the surprise in getting sweet chocolate every single Valentine's? Let's have some drinks instead. I asked the local Iron Blood brewery to make chocolate-flavored beer just for the occasion. Sad you don't get regular chocolate? I'll make it up to you – after we've had a few. Heehee
If fate brought us together then it has my thanks I look forward to our future together~	Don't overstretch yourself at work ~ otherwise my loneliness will drive me to tease you.
I feel so lucky right now --- why you ask? Take--a--guess dear?	Relaxing on a float gently licking my lips... is this really the most popular photo pose for the beach? Wales you're not teasing me again are you?
Woah! I got a pretty dark tan after playing with Wales all day...	Wales someone is going to break your hand again if you keep messing with Bismarck! I won't plead for you this time...
Despite her devil-may-care attitude Wales is actually quite reliable. In fact she helps me all the time even though we were once enemies...	I went and told Hipper about our beach day and all she said was 'Why do I need to be jealous about your thin lewd and non-combat-ready swimming suit?' Haha that's so like her!
There are a lot of good things about Wales but please avoid picking up her bad habits.	"Frohes neues Jahr~ This is how we say we say ""Happy New Year"" in the Iron Blood."
The Sakura Empire's sake is truly delicious~ Next time why don't we ask those stingy girls to let us try some liquor from the Dragon Empery~	You want to drink this? Not~ gonna~ share~
New Year's greetings huh? Aren't you the popular one~	So what do you like about me? My personality... or my body? If you lie I'll make you take a shot~
The Sakura Empire's liquors certainly have a distinctive flavor but when a girl wants to cut loose it's gotta be one of the classics~	Pfft... You're just too cute when you act all bashful but still can't resist trying to ogle me ahaha~!
Come on don't be so tense. Just let go and relax.	Tsk... These fools need to learn how to read a room.
Heinrich wants to compete in the race? How very like her... Wait a second does she even know how to drive?	Just like that
Make sure you clean every last bit. ...Hehe I'm talking about the machine of course.	Commissions completed. Hehe don't you want to go check up on them together?
I'm the MVP? Hehehe what did you expect?	So this is what happens when you let your guard down...
Guten Abend~ So what do you think? Pretty great view right? Hehe I was talking about the night scenery outside you know~?	"Welcome back. What'll be your order?"" Is that what you were expecting? Heehee."
"Would you like me to call you something else? Hmm how about ""mein Schatz""—Well? Hehehe"	Hehe. What are you all nervous for? Why don't you sit down at the counter? Here's the wine I recommend.
You know when we ran into Hipper the other day on our day out she started sulking and turned beet-red the moment she saw your face. I wonder why? Heehee.	It's customary to pour wine into a wine glass but I'd like to try a different container. I wonder how I'd make a cocktail out of it.
Hehehe don't be in such a hurry. The night has only just begun	Though I doubt the rewards can beat this moment shouldn't you go pick them up anyway?
Way to ruin the mood...!	Everything is sweeter with a bit of beer. Ehehe~
Welcome back! Let's get fired up and do this thing! Hahahah!	What's a good way to make Eisen look less threatening... Hmm maybe some cute stickers would do the trick?
My gut tells me the papers you're looking for are right here! ...Aww I was wrong?	There's plenty girls in other factions who don't have a history huh! I thought it was just an Iron Blood thing.
Sure Peter gives me a lot of flak but honestly I dunno how I'd manage to get anything done! Hahahah!	Stop RIGHT there! This is where I draw the line!
A new mission? Say no more! I'll kerpow all the enemies to kingdom come!	So much paperwork and signing-off just for finishing one mission... My soul's boutta leave my body... Anyway here's the rewards...
Sortieing sounds a heck of a lot more fun than rusting away in port don'tcha think? Take me out on the next one come on!	The commission team's back! Put me on the next one please? Come on coach!
I feel the powah!	Let 'em have it girls! Los! Los!
Sweet victory! Not to mention MVP! Hahahah!	Wait we lost? How the heck?!
My intuition tells me to just do it!	I'm not done for just yet!
I don't know what made you this way but if nobody else is gonna fix you then I will! Just shut up and grab hold of my hand!	I just love listening to people talk about their history. Wish I had one... If I did what'd it be like? I'm having fun just imagining it!
You down to go on another date today? When? Sometime later I guess? Where? We'll cross that bridge when we get to it! No point in planning everything in advance! C'mon with me!	I've got your chocolate riiight... here! So about how it looks... I was gonna make a classic chocolate heart but then Eisen burst in and started reshaping it randomly. I know it's rough around the edges but don't let that ruin it for you!
What have we here? The paperwork you're looking for? Hahahah see? I told you you could count on my intuition!	"Whoa it's like a party in here! What're you all chatting about? ""What if I'd actually been built""? Hey as long as I could still come see you I'm fine with any kind of past~"
Come at me then Miss Spiritual Leader! Let's see if you're hot stuff or not! ...Oh it's a video game rivalry thing.	You're a meanie making me do this office work which I'm no good at! ...We'll go claim the rewards together in just a bit? Fine I'll hang in there for now...
I sent the commission team off to the dorm! You said I could I do that remember?	Where Eisen's gone? It's New Year's after all so I let him out to play. He's a good boy! He won't harm anyone.
Let's crank it up to eleven for New Year's! Even Spee's out there having fun with the gang!	Can't we leave all the office work for later and get dressed for a snowball fight? I promised Lebe I'd come!
You in the mood for an outdoor stroll? Hahahah I'll be just fine in the cold don't worry.	Hey! Hold it right there! I'm gonna doodle on your face as payback for that!
"Apparently you're meant to yell ""tamaya"" when they launch the fireworks! Dunno why that is but sounds fun! ...What? That's only in the summer?"	Can rabbits swim or can they not? I wonder if... Wait why am I letting this question distract me?
Thanks for keeping an eye on everyone Béarn! You're doing good work!	You want me to swim with you? Hahaha~ Sure thing!
The stage set's taken a real beating but that's not entirely my fault. You could kinda say Eisen threw a fit and... yeah.	"The banners say ""Undefeatable – The world is mine."" Basically I'm as tough as they come 'cause I rule this school!"
Aw crap! It's Strasser... No wait it's the Morals Committee! Please no more catch-up lessons!	If I find any juvies I'll whoop their butts! Hey wait a sec... Aren't we juvies too? Hiryuu! Explain this to me!
Hm? You got me bread from the canteen? Thanks~	There's a letter for you. Do you think it's a love letter or a challenge to a brawl?
Now do you get who owns this place?	You're late! What excuse do you have to keep ME waiting? Do you WANT me to send you packing?
Tuning my rigging should just take a little... Whoa calm down! Heed my damn command! ...You! Stop gawking and help me! It's only the obvious thing to do!	A tea party? Who went and decided I have to spend my time on that? If anything YOU should be spending time with ME
...Oh this sweet candy? I got it from a destroyer. And no you can't have any.	What's that you're staring at? Hand it over. I want to see it for myself.
Eek! Don't touch me!	Blep!
Missions eh... Do them yourself. I'm above all that busywork.	Mission rewards! I've claimed them in my na– What the hell! This is just a list!
A letter... Nothing I'd care about it seems.	The commission team has returned. I wonder what tributes they've brought me.
It's the obvious choice because I am the strongest	Victory will be mine!
Me being the MVP is such an obvious outcome I don't even feel happy about it.	You're horribly mistaken if you think you'll get away with this!
Hahahaha! I'll squash you like bugs!	How?! But I'm the strongest...!
Get out of my sight. You're an eyesore.	You don't want to be mine? You have some nerve you impudent cretin. You are mine full stop. I don't give a damn what anyone else says! You belong to me and that's that!
Marriage? What are you talking about? This is an act of insolence on your part one-sidedly hoping I'll exchange vows with you. Obviously it's my choice whether to accept or refuse... If you want my hand so badly cry and plead for it one more time! And don't try to run away!	You actually came out to see me – that's nice. Now get back to your chair and work harder
Just how weak are you if this little thing is too heavy for you? ...Heehee I'll admit your weakness is endearing H-hey don't go away! I'm sorry I said that just stay with me!	Forget going to some random girl's tea party – You should host one just for me. Obviously I deserve it for all my work as your secretary!
"I think I'll go part hunting in Bismarck's workshop... ""Don't?"" Excuse me whose side are you on?!"	You've done well now enjoy some time off... I was just talking to myself. I don't care if you– Actually! Since you belong to me you must take a break with me... Impudent little...! Stop working at once you hear me?!
Yes? ...Don't call me over only to ignore me!	Mission rewards are here. Let's not forget what's yours is mine.
Head out and thank the girls? You go do it then come right back. You're my property so don't wander off without my permission.	The commission team is back ...Now get out there and receive them!
Hahaha! Let them have it!	I'm the MVP ...Look at me when I speak. Hey I'm talking to YOU! Look at me and tell me how great I am!
So for the Spring Festival a carp is needed as decoration which then turns into a dragon... Doesn't make any sense to me. Besides how in the world is a fish supposed to turn into... Whuah?! What the heck was that?!	"You are mine and that means everything you make is mine as well! Nom! ...What'd you call this candied fruit thing? ""Tanghulu""? It's sour yet sweet and surprisingly tasty..."
Ägir mentioned a lion that dances in the air – I want to check it out... If I SAY it flies then it FLIES okay?! And you're going with me obviously!	A red envelope? Are you that strapped for cash even though you run this place? ...Hm? You're giving it to me? I don't want it! Blep!
Here's what happens to idiots who don't pay attention to me! Hahaha! That's right run in fear from my firecrackers!	Where did that cretin bumble off to... Hyeep?! D-don't just sneak up on me out of the blue!
D-don't you dare blame it on my dress!	Hmph! There's your victory! You'll obviously reward me for my efforts yes?
They... beat us? They beat ME?! There's no way...	You belong to me which obviously means you have a duty to amuse me! Understood simpleton? You're to give me a full tour of the port's Spring Festival makeover! Hold my hand and show me around! That's your job!
Being stared at like this... is really embarrassing...	Um sorry... I'm not really sure how to turn people down... Besides isn't it good to make others happy...?
I'll have you know that I've turned down plenty of requests before! For example... uhh... umm I can't think of any right now...	The commission fleet is back. Should I help bring the supplies in? Okay leave it to me!
Hopefully I've gotten a tiny bit stronger...	I've been assigned a task so I have to do my best!
I-I did it!	Is this the best I could do?
Why must we hurt each other...	I-I'm just getting started!
Even if you're this kind of person I won't give up on trying to help you! Probably...	Do you need me for something? I'm currently helping the others carry some supplies.
Hurting others is more painful than being hurt yourself... Huh? Doesn't everyone feel that way?	Why do I like helping others so much? Well it's because we can only build a brighter future if we all work together.
Eh? You'd like me to always stay by your side? Um actually... I want to rely on you and be relied upon. I want to understand what you're thinking and I want to... be with you forever... *Whimper*... This is embarrassing...	Unfortunately I had barely any time left to make you something after I got done helping Astoria with her packaging Vincennes with her recipe and Minneapolis with her chocolate... I'm sorry. I hope you'll find this acceptable at least...
You said you wanted to try my own Valentine's chocolate so I made some. Here you go! ...Did I help someone along the way? Of course I did. Which... is the reason why I turned up so late... I'm sorry.	I'll just stay here and help watch everyone's belongings. Uh... I'm really not very good with exercise...
It feels like... everyone is staring at me when I wear a swimsuit... It's so embarrassing...	Beverages? Don't worry I came prepared.
Listening to the sounds of the sea really puts me at ease...	Is... is someone in trouble?
*Whimper*... Could you please not do stuff like this in front of everyone...?	Would you like to have some cold drinks? Be careful not to have too many at once or you might get a brain freeze~
Make sure you ask me any questions if you're lost before we head out!	For a beginner every bit of training is very important~!
"My name is Raleigh not... that! Also don't forget the ""Ms.""!"	Please don't tug me like that... I'm not a kid!
I'm not immune to getting angry you know... Co-man-der!	Please don't forget to claim your mission rewards.
Your mail has been sorted. Remember to read your messages thoroughly please!	Please pay attention everyone! This is a good chance to get some real combat experience~
You can't use the same trick on me twice!	Phew... That was close... I nearly...
Let me show you some textbook maneuvers.	I'm not a kid okay!
You want to know more about me? Hmm... you may be the first person to treat me like an equal. I'm happy about that I suppose.	To receive something so precious from a student... I should be ashamed to call myself a professional mentor... But you make me...
Happy Valentine's day! Miss Langley and I worked together and made this chocolate as a reward for you. I may not look like much but you'd be surprised if you knew what a knack I have for things housewives might do!	Happy Valentine's Day! Your treat this year was made with a recipe I got from Miss Ranger though I put my own unique spin on it too. Ahem... As a teacher I must usually be strict with my students. But on this day I will spoil you instead. Enjoy!
Happy Valentine's Day! I researched a wide range of recipes this year and this chocolate is the result. Rest assured the taste has Miss Ranger's seal of approval. Once you've finished savoring it I'd like you to fill out a feedback form.	Woooww.... Hm? Oh was I bothering you? I was just basking in the amazing feeling of a sidekick watching her hero work up close~
I'm doing good work...? Oooh! My hero complimented me! Of course my face is gonna turn bright red!	You think they're big too? They really get in the way...
The commission came back. You want to go out and see them?	Just leave the planes to me!
Yeah! The good guys always win!	They say it's always darkest before the dawn... Mm. We'll try harder next time.
I am Reno！	I could do this all day!
They say you should never meet your heroes. Now I know why... Sigh...	There was a time when I was training really hard to become a superhero... But these huge things got in the way of my dreams... the flat girls don't know how good they have it...
"They say ""with great power comes great responsibility"" but superheroes need some downtime too just like warships. Sometimes I just gotta be a regular girl and you're no different. Let's do something fun sometime."	So like from now on I'm more than just your sidekick. I gotta learn how to be a partner to you too for the rest of your life... I don't really know how to do that  so you'll just have to speak up and tell me what to do~
Being able to give the person I admire so much my chocolate... I'm overjoyed! Really... I'm so glad I put in so much effort! (Reno burst out into tears of happiness)	There's no greater happiness than to get to give my chocolate to you – my hero – yet again! The memory of this incredible day will keep me motivated for the rest of the year!
This really is a huge clash of all the biggest names from all the factions. It's one exciting match after another! I gotta cheer my hardest too. Eagle Union go get 'em!	Craven was supposed to be cheer squad leader on account of she's older but she ended up asking me to do it... I can't let her down. I gotta cheer hard!
Ah it's half time. That means we better get out there and cheer! Everybody ready? Let's get their blood pumping!	None of the other factions have serious cheerleaders like me or Craven. But I won't underestimate the ones they came up with either... I can't let them beat me~
Look at them out there on the field shining like superheroes as they fight for victory... being a cheerleader sure is amazing!	It was really hard to find a swimsuit that would fit my bust... Luckily I was able to find this swimsuit at the last minute! It fits my chest perfectly but... my poor hips are chafing... Ow...
Looks like everyone's pumped up for the beach volleyball tournament! If only my... weren't so big. They make it hard to move around...	Oh yeah. How dashing does My Hero look when swimming? Do you zoom by others while going at 100 miles per hour? Hehehe~
If you compete in the tournament I'll cheer you on with all I've got! Go! Go! Come on! You can do it! M-Y-H-E-R-O!	If it isn't coconut milk! Is it okay to accept such a precious gift? ...Hehe. I'm absolutely elated to receive a precious present from my hero!
Woah?! I-If you touch it like that it's going to snap!!	So I was telling everyone about Reno Bunnino and for whatever reason North Carolina was super keen to hear it... Not like that's a bad thing. More friends is always good!
This gauntlet I'm always wearing? Oh uh I've not made my Reno Bunnino tool belt just yet so I'm making do with this for now.	If you're doing what I think you are... Yeah sorry there aren't many clothes my size.
"An unforeseen accident causes panic at the festival! That's when our plain-clothed superhero rises up to the task!"" That'd be such a fun scenario! Although obviously we'd all much prefer to have a peaceful holiday."	Hehe check this out! Doesn't this outfit... kinda make me look like one of the Dragon Empery's wandering recluses?
Want me to show you my micro-firework again? Hehe I'd be right happy to	Sorry Ayanami. All my gadgets can do is shoot these little sparks. They can't fire real fireworks lasers or anything like that.
You wanna hold hands? Sure thing! Ah wait this one's still a bit hot! The other one!	Whaaa?! You're not supposed to lift this flap!
My propeller? Hood bumped into me one day and before I reacted I received this in apology.	What? You think Renown is cute...? Well on her behalf I give you my tha... Wait what?!
Please claim the mission rewards!	If you have time please look over the mail.
I will review this operation's performance and report back to you as soon as I can.	Your will is the source of my power.
Enemy fleet in sight! All ships fire at will!	Enemy fleet eliminated. Mission complete.
Renown! Full speed ahead!	Speed is the best defense!
Love letter? How does one love something like a letter? People love all sorts of things but that one I cannot understand.	"... Why would you arrange candles in a heart on the beach? And then... why did you cry when I said ""aren't you afraid of the fire being extinguished by the wind""?"
Don't worry I'm not that dense. Next time I will bring a cap and cover up the candles for you. Then you can tell me what is truly on your mind.	"Repulse and I made our chocolate together and she found it necessary to lecture me on the ""focus"" of chocolate. She said that ""chocolate isn't about emphasising your knightly glory"" among other things. I'm afraid my sister still lacks what it takes to be a true knight... That's not the case? How so?"
Hey! Com~man~der~! Let's get some exercise~!	Huh? You think I'm impatient?
Huh? I thought you'd be into softer girls than me...	Whoah! S-stop You're awful! I'm a girl you know!
Missions! Missions! More missions!	Yes! Our rewards are here!
Deliverygirl Repulse has arrived with your mail!	You can't rest right after reaching port! Go exercise more!
You've made me stay with you inside so as your punishment you'll have to accompany me to check up on the completed commissions. Let's go!	Vaporize anything that moves into ash!
Hooray! We won! Quick decisive victories are my favourite.	Ahh the enemy was so persistent that I'm starving now... There's no way we could've won like this...
It's kinda boring being here with you... I'm heading out for a while!	Com~man~der! Gotcha! Hmm? I'm too close? Hey what's the problem with that~ Anyway come and play with me~!
Huh?! You're happy with me? I'm not as elegant as some other royal girls and I don't dress all that great... But when it comes to my feelings for you I rank second to none!	"Once my sister sets her mind to something she'll pursue it relentlessly. There's no way I can beat that... But that's not the only thing that matters to you is it? When it comes to ""love"" it's fine to ""lose"" a little bit right~?"
I never did get the chance to make chocolate with my sister this year either... But on another note I hear George is always working on banquets and the like. I'd love to someday throw a posh party in your honour and invite my sister and friends to it too. For now though I suppose you'll have to make to do with this chocolate!	"I don't mind making chocolate with my sis even though I did snap at her. I mean you've got to agree that it's weird to pour your ""knightly glory"" into your chocolate! She's as grateful to you as I am but it's like that's the only feeling she'll admit to..."
Good morning Your Excellency. Is there anything I can help out with today?	You're not looking all too great... Is something on your mind? If there's something troubling you please feel free to open up to me. It's not good to bottle things up inside...
Eek?! I apologize I didn't notice the papers on the table... I'll get to them right away!	Not so long ago I accidentally bumped into a destroyer while hurrying along... I'm glad that neither of us were hurt but...
If you spend too long working your neck and shoulders are bound to become stiff. H-how about I give you a nice massage to help you loosen up?	Did something urgent come up? Then put it over there... Y-you just want to chat for a bit...? I'm sorry for jumping to conclusions...
That's a discourteous thing to do to a lady. Don't you agree Your Excellency?	Um excuse me...
Is there a new mission? Please let me know any time if you would like my assistance.	Allow me to retrieve our rewards for the missions we've completed! ...Oh I need to check the list first...?
There is mail addressed to you Your Excellency! Should I bring it to you right now?	I'm relieved that you were able to make it back safely. For now please get some rest.
The girls are back from their commissions. Shall we go greet them together Your Excellency?	Thank you very much. I'll make sure to live up to your expectations.
Everyone follow my lead!	Alright let's keep this up!
I guess I shouldn't have forced things so hard...	I won't back down... Hah!
Please don't give in to despair! If you just reform yourself there will surely be a day when you are accepted by everyone!	U-umm... Your Excellency regarding the time I bumped into you when we first met... Are you truly alright? ...Should we get your body checked?
"Protecting the weak is the duty of us Royal Knights—Uhh I'm not saying that you're weak Your Excellency. Though when we're on the battlefield you're definitely on the side of ""having to be protected""..."	Your Excellency not only are you the most important person in this port but you are also the most important person in my life. That's why your safety is paramount to me—whether here or on the battlefield... I'll make sure to protect you with all I've got.
*pant* *pant*... I heard you needed something from me so I ran here as fast as I could... Wait—this is... a ring? N-no way I-I-I-I'm sorry! This is so sudden I don't know what to say... B-but gladly! Of course!	E-excuse me Your Excellency! I'd like a minute with... Oh no it's nothing particularly important just... Sorry I need to settle down before I trip! I'm carrying important goods you see... Here! It's your Valentine's chocolate!
Welcome back Your Excellency. Hehehe after seeing your face I can't help but feel like today's going to be a great day.	That battleship from the Northern Parliament... is truly knowledgeable of the etiquettes of the Royal Navy. I am truly impressed.
If you're feeling tired how about taking a rest for a bit? I shall be protecting Your Excellency by your side so you need not worry.	So you want to chat? ...I-I apologize! You need something done immediately don't you?
Whew... I brought the mail over Your Excellency.	I'm so relieved that you're alright... Thank goodness... I really wanted to be out there to make sure you were safe you know? Ehe
I bear no grudges against you but... Let the battle begin!	I don't enjoy fighting but... I'm doing this to protect those I care about!
Your Excellency I do not consider you to be weak—and as such I don't protect you as a member of the Royal Knights but as a woman who loves you. That is my simple wish that which makes me happiest... O-of course I plan on protecting you as a subordinate as well...	Welcome back Your Excellency. As you can see I'm currently in the middle of cleaning...
The Royal Maids and the Royal Knights both work hard to protect our allies. Volunteering like this renews my sense of purpose.	Leave this to me... Eek! Your Excellency I apologize... It wasn't on purpose I swear!
Your Excellency I've learned how to brew proper black tea and make cookies from the Royal Maids... I-if there's a chance in the future I'd like to...	I I'm fine. Something like this is nothing a maid can't handle... Especially for a Maid-Knight like me!
Fighting on the battlefield is so much easier than being a maid...	I can't believe I failed again... Waah...
Place your faith in me. Follow my lead. Offer up your prayers. Seek the Lord. Only then will the path of God be opened...	I believe that any obstacle can be overcome with fervent faith and untiring efforts.
"Those round little creatures... If I recall correctly Algérie told me they're called ""Meowfficers."	Have I met the Royal Navy yet? Yes. I hope to deepen our bond so I'm bringing some wine to the next tea party.
Please make use of my precious allies the Iris Templar Knights at your discretion. After all one of their missions is to fight for peace.	The relationship between those from the Eagle Union and those from the Iris Libre is a bit... Well I get the feeling that Jean Bart would get along with them just fine though.
If nothing else your audacity is commendable.	May Heaven confer upon you its blessings.
Missions may be called a kind of trial. If you take them on with the proper attitude there is no need to worry.	The reward for those who work hard is Heaven's grace. Let us accept it gratefully.
Letters are blessings from other people.	At times might is needed to guide others on the right path. I give you my thanks.
All ships prepare for combat! For liberty and glory! Aux armes marchons!	May the wandering souls drifting about the battlefield find eternal peace and salvation... Amen...
Is this... also a trial from Heaven...?	Accept your divine judgment!
There is... still hope...!	Those who refuse to stop marching shall face the path of ruin... Make sure you keep that in mind.
The one you are talking to was once despisingly called many things: the calamity that brought on war the fearsome Cardinal and the maniac possessed by religious fervor. I ask of you: when you look at me what do you see in me?	You've come by again. Haven't you been getting too friendly with me? ...Just kidding. I'm truly grateful to have another person that I can chat casually with. I hope that you feel the same way too.
The feeling of distance between people is an interesting thing indeed. A superior officer and their subordinate. The leader of a fleet and the highest post of the organization. A warship and... Hehe. For the time being let's let the others continue misunderstanding our relationship okay?	As the one who guides Iris Libre I cannot make an oath solely to you. However I vow to protect and support you for as long as I live. This I vow on the holy name of Iris...
I meet with Jean Bart every once in a while. We don't talk much and simply focus on whatever we're doing at the moment. Even so I feel like we understand each other very well. It's something to be happy about.	The practice of faith is not an easy path to walk. Discipline is required for enlightenment and the path is sometimes accompanied by suffering and even self-sacrifice.
Please do not forget. The warriors from Vichya are also Iris Libre's brethren.	It's time for worship. Please wait here patiently.
If you would like to touch me I would prefer it if you took a different approach.	Welcome back. Thanks to you everyone's safe and sound. I'm truly grateful.
Whether you or I care more for the other is inconsequential. I feel more than happy enough just feeling our close bond together like this. Thank you for always being by my side.	Iris' teachings do not go as far as to forbid its followers from spreading their wings. Let us enjoy today with everyone to our heart's content. Consider this as yet another of Heaven's many blessings.
Frozen treats are most effective against hot and humid weather like this... Shall we ask Dunkerque to prepare some more next time?	Jean Bart... Perhaps it's better to spend some more time with her... Sigh...
If you know what's good for you I wouldn't assume that a girl is defenseless just because she's in a swimsuit.	We have a really good view from up here. I can even see a commission group starting to return out there.
Believe atone and pray. Seek a new day... that you may grasp hold of your happiness and the road to the light.	What these fortunes tell may be your fate. Even so is it not mankind's strength to overcome fate?
Shh. Lower your voice. I'm trying to get this one to warm up to Jean Bart.	Béarn is it already time? ...Yes I made a promise earlier to visit the shrine with everyone else. How would you like to come with us?
Is this a greeting... for the New Year?	So this is what the Sakura Empire's New Year's greeting cards look like... How interesting. Hehehe.
Please calm down and ponder what we should do. I'll be waiting right over here.	It seems the commissions team made it back safely. This counts as good fortune doesn't it?
Settle down. Let us pray together. If I listen to your prayers and you listen to mine you will come to understand that we are heading toward the same goal. Let us walk toward the light. You and I together...	Lots of my sisters have survived through this war. Impressive right?
Teehee~ This feels good~	Alrighty let's do some warm-ups!
Teamwork makes the dream work! Yay!	Oh no we lost... Well that sucks~
Let me show you what a difference experience makes!	Seems like I have to find another place...
That's right I was talking about love! ... And the things that follow! I've never met a suitable candidate at least until I met you~! When I accept this it'll mean you agree to be my partner as well right~?	Here you go – my handmade chocolate! The secret to starting trends is to always be ahead of the times! With that in mind I made sure to write down what I put in the chocolate this time. Wait... Where'd I put my notes?!
Need me to explain the details?	I'm here to help you with anything you need.
What is it?	Please don't do this in the command room...
Here are your mission rewards. Let's take a look!	Let me make a cup of tea~
I hope you're looking forward to my performance from here on out!	Mmm... I'm looking forward to everyone finishing their work too~!
Hmm I think I accidentally wasted a lot of ammunition...	I can still fight... but we should probably retreat for now...
There's no need to be polite when dealing with enemies.	Can I increase my firepower?
Even I'm a bit disappointed...	Not respecting the chain of command can mean big trouble it has happened beforeOf course it's ok for us since we're so close~
I have paperwork practice and dinner to see to today. The more burdens I can take off your mind the happier it makes me~	Each minute you slack off is one less minute of the day we'll have together. Please try to stay focused for both our sakes.
I've read that physical intimacy deepens a relationship the more you do it~	Please let's put this on hold until we're alone all right?
That's why you shouldn't underestimate a Big 7!	Beach volleyball? But I finally got a chance to be intimate with you...I'll PASS~
I'll love whatever gifts you give me!	How's that? The feeling of a bona-fide Big Sev
I was delighted just to have you stop by but I can't believe you even brought me refreshments... How about I pour you a cup of tea as well?	You're worried that I might be feeling cold? Well... how about you check by holding my hand?
Thank you so much for helping me put this fur on!	We're still not done with the photoshoot~ Hehe~
Welcome back. What you're smelling right now is the fragrance of Dragon Empery tea... Yes my friends here recommended it to me.	It is time for me to carry out my duties once more!
I'll have to check on our inventory of ammo when we get back.	This place is so peaceful. Everyone's so nice too...
Every time I see something beautiful get squashed on the battlefield I just... Aahhh...	I want to do something to soothe your mind. But... what should I do...
"What my hobby is? Perhaps something like ""granting sweet release""?"	Hm? Do you want a hug too? Okay~
What might this next mission be? I'm getting a little excited.	Let's give our all on the next mission too.
It's not any bad news is it?	I want to pummel some enemies too~ *Giggle*... The more of them you sink the more you prove your worth after all~
Those commission girls must work really hard... Okay everyone line up~ I'm going to give each of you a hug~	*Giggle*... You saw me and now you're trying to flee...? Do you really think you can flee from me?!
Aww... Did we fall prey to an ambush...?	Don'tlook down on me!!
How I'm faring at the base? Perfectly fine. Although... isn't it a little too peaceful here...?	It is our destiny to kill one another on the battlefield... So wouldn't you say it's normal to revel in the killing just a little bit?
*Giggle* I get more fulfillment from being with you than from killing enemies on the battlefield... Is this the power of love? But then...	Such a delightful party with our wonderful friends in this peaceful harbor... It's wonderful really... But it's all so boring...
When you see something so perfect and beautiful don't you just feel the urge to... crush it?	You're just in time I needed to blow off a little steam!
"Hehehe... That was another lovely ""banquet."	While I like vistas as much as the next person I'm awfully fed up with the port's scenery at this point. Battlefields differ in that regard... Ahh... I'll never tire of seeing them.
Heehee~ Don't you worry I'm not going anywhere. Why would I when it's you who brought me here?	Since we have access to a piano could you help me work on my singing? I'm starting to feel restless from sitting around for too long... Heehee~
Oh you're back already? Then please come here and let your heart be soothed	Welcome back! Let's give you a nice waaarm hug
I can see the commission team all the way from up here. Well? Are you heading out to greet them?	"Heehee... Now that's what I'd call a good ""break""~"
"Ah so this is what you meant by ""a break."" It certainly is a cure for boredom and I am happy to have some alone time with you buuut... (I know you're trying to keep me in check and you're going to pay for that♥)"	Movies! Video games! Ah modern entertainment is bloody amazing! It's easier than ever to stave off boredom even while not out at sea!
Gambling simply boils down to a test of who's luckier. It's not about winners or losers – it's about scamming poor sods who aren't as lucky as they thought.	Even we pirates have our own code of conduct. How are you supposed to keep people in line without rules? Speaking of which what kind of rules do you have?
Hahaha tired of boring ol' paperwork and ready for an adventure? I'm always ready to sail with ya	Between drinking lethal poison a sword through the neck or being thrown overboard... which one would you prefer?
Hey! I don't like it when people touch my hat without permission!	New missions eh? Let's have a gander... This one's high risk but high reward too... Alright let's do it!
Mission complete! Speaking of which what's the secretary's cut of the rewards?	A letter? Ahah! Is it a wanted list? Say if you had a bounty on your head how much do you reckon it'd be worth?
You made it back! Brought back any exciting tales of your adventures? You know like being caught in a storm chased by sharks and swept away by the waves before finally escaping with your life?	The commission team is back with a boatload of booty! They're waiting for you to divvy it up so get going!
Now that I'm stronger shall we set out for a more thrilling heart-throbbing adventure?	Go go! Fortune favours the fleet-footed!
Heheh~ Time to feed these scalawags to the sharks!	Grah! I hate swallows! Shoo with the lot of you!
I'll blow you all to bits!	Let's find out who fortune favours!
Ugghh. If this were the olden days I would've fed you to the sharks or dumped you off on a deserted island.	Living in the moment means doing what you enjoy and forgetting all your troubles and concerns! ...That still doesn't mean I have the right to plunder? Laaame!
Even to this day lots of people go wild for pirate treasure! I suppose very few can resist the alluring shimmer of gold and silver eh... Hm? Where do ya find said treasure? Sorry no hints! If you want treasure you gotta find it yourself~	Since you don't have a destination in mind why don't I plot your course for you? For instance... to that deserted island said to have buried pirate treasure I've heard about. Heheh don't you worry – worst case scenario we only end up stranded and have to live there right? C'mon let's go!
Sooo... you're sure about this? Living with me's not gonna be easy. You can't just change your mind later ya hear? ...Well alright then take my hand and put the ring on. Once we're done get on my ship and hoist sails!	Here's your present from Royal Fortune pirate of Tempesta! Yeah this baby's perfect for slapping right on the grill! ...What is it? I mean it's pirate-style barbecue. Oh or maybe you could call it barbecoa? ...Chocolate? What are you talking about??
Look who's back! Let's team up and get this paperwork done lightning-quick!	Port law article four! Be good and switch off the light before going to bed! Which means no worky-work either! Nighttime means leisure time!
While I do hate gambling I'm not opposed to making bets. On that note I bet I can win your heart with just one single date! Wanna find out?	Booze? God no! Just taking a whiff of that stuff makes my head spin and drinking it leaves me out cold until morning... In other words keep it away from me.
If you're on board with it we can make up some quick excuse and get out of here right now... Come on you still don't have the courage?	L-look even I shy away from some stuff...
Mission complete! When it comes to my cut... I don't need material stuff just some break time to smell the roses!	Here's a letter for you! And no it's not a wanted list. But if you did become an outlaw you can always flee to some barren corner of the earth.
Those who do the most work get the biggest cut!	Tonight's dessert is not a cake or a pastry... What are you looking around for? YOU'RE my dessert! Heheh scared you didn't I?
Happy Halloween! On this frightening night I am Royal Fortune the naughty succubus! Ahahah! I'm on the hunt for a tasty treat!	Mmm! Sho good! Desserts are a rare luxury out at sea you know! This sweetness will linger in my head for a looong time!
Would be cool if we lived in a world where monsters are real! I get pumped just imagining what it'd be like!	You're in too deep to pull out now~
Wh-wh-whaddya think you're doing?!	Who did this?! Who put liquor fondue on my desserts?! Urgh... It's hitting me hard... I'm gonna go lie down a bit...
Hyah! Sorry I wasn't standing behind the door on purpose... Umm I'm okay okay? You don't have to worry or apologize...	I was watching the girls perform a training exercise and a stray training round hit me... N-no I'm not injured but... It really hurt...
I at least have to see these documents delivered... Yes I'll do my best to be back as soon as possible!	Ack! D-don't touch me out of nowhere or you'll scare me...
Ah... There it is! Who in the world folded the mail into a paper airplane?	The commission team is back. Would you mind if I went with you to greet them? I'm a bit of a slow walker but...
P-please don't charge ahead so fast...	Phew. I managed to do my job... right?
Why is this happening? I tried so hard...	Don't hate me for this!
Why does this keep happening to me...?	I think my speed should be enough for patrol work from now on. Okay I hope this next one goes safely... Please please don't let me run into any submarines!
Not only did you not abandon me but you've been considerate and even given me confidence in myself... S-say! If it's alright with you could you teach me about more than just fighting and working...?	Revenge w-wait! Geez... She left before I could tell her where those papers were going. What do I do now?
D-d-do you need something? I'll do everything in my power to tackle whatever problem needs solving!	I'll do my best to keep up with everyone...!
I-I can fight if I put my mind to it!	P.E. is a nightmare. I don't want to drag my friends down in the relay race and I don't want random baseballs hitting me... I wish there was some way to skip it.
I'm not the worst at classroom learning. If there's anything you don't understand I-I could help...?	If you want to pass the time how about reading? For some reason there are lots of confiscated novels and manga here...
By the way how does Her Majesty normally spend time at school? Huh? She's actually bad at P.E. just like me?	The others might realize something's up if we go back now...
I-if a hall monitor sees this everyone will know!	You have kept me waiting... No it's nothing. I can deal with this.
I learned the power of submarines firsthand in that great war. While it's too late to turn back now I can't help but wonder how I would be perceived if I hadn't been remodeled into an aircraft carrier.	Looking after submarines is really rough... Th-This is from personal experience so please believe me!
It's in my personality to not care what humans may think about me. This is the attitude that us warships ought to have as warriors.	From time to time I become envious of the standard carriers... If only... I could be as strong as them...
Wicked thoughts begone!	A new mission... If it's a directive from the top brass let's take care of it right away.
A letter has arrived. I'm curious about its contents... Are you not?	The commissions have been completed. I shall go ahead and greet them first. ...I hope their bounty is plentiful.
I've been pent up for a while. You'd better believe I'm going to give you a piece of my mind!	Unperturbed by both victory and defeat. This is my pride as a member of the Sakura Empire... hehe!
I-I shall let you win just this once!	Victory is in my grasp...!
Ugh at a time like this...!	The sea of the Sakura Empire is nostalgic but I also have murky and mixed feelings about it... No that's got nothing to do with me right now. Focus focus.
I Ryuuhou vow to be at your side through thick and thin... W-Well then from now on I will not hide any part of myself from you so prepare yourself... okay?	In order to learn how to make Western confections I spent time learning not only from my fellow Sakura Empire ships but also from ships from each and every camp in order to absorb their knowledge and make it mine. It was a lot of work but every time I thought of who it was for I was able to power through it. Please taste it for yourself—the fruit of my labors through the last year!
I pledged to bring you victory so please sortie me more often! ...I I also want to attain victory for my own sake as well!	Hurry up and finish the new missions. Otherwise people will say that I'm not carrying out my duties as secretary ship.
Fantastic! We won!! ...What is it?! Am I not allowed to be proud of our accomplishments?	I control my carrier-based planes with this charm... A carrier cannot fight a foe face-to-face after all. This katana is merely a last resort.
Because I'm in Shigure's debt I cook her some food from time to time. She's really a good girl even if she doesn't always act like one.	W-What are you planning...?
You can leave the purification to me if Fusou and Yamashiro are both busy all right? After all I happen to be quite knowledgeable about that subject.	If there are any disputes within our ranks allow me to handle the arbitration. That is my specialty.
I fight so that there may be peace. That is the single role that I can play.	While rewards may certainly be nice... I have no interest in them.
Suffering is the brand of a warrior. Everyone I'm proud of you for making it through.	For the sake of the role that we all must play...
You shall all be purged equally!	Ashes to ashes dust to dust...
My Lord why have you abandoned me...	God's love is boundless.
This too... is God's trial...!	My sisters in arms here may be righteous but not you. Prepare to face divine punishment sinner.
I feel like I have earned the acceptance of the fleet. However is this truly the land that I was promised? ... No I do not mean to cast doubt upon anyone. I merely feel that... I may yet have a deeper purpose.	Most of the time I participate in these events not as a participant but as a ship. I was considering doing the same for this Valentine's Day as well but... I'd like to use this as a precious chance to express my respect and gratitude towards you. May you be blessed with the Iris's grace.
Just as the Iris bestows her blessings upon all equally you give everyone an equal chance of delivering you chocolate. Mine is certainly nothing special. On this day I am but one of many though of course I would be glad should you find something notable about my gift...	I have no serious objections to sitting up here but... there is one thing I cannot figure out. Are you perhaps deriving pleasure from seeing me up here like this?
So I've managed to capture your gaze? Your eyes are... Nevermind it doesn't bother me.	My arbitration is needed? ...Very well please excuse me for a moment. I will make sure to hear them out.
My weapon is always within reach. Should you will it I am ready to sortie at any time.	As a servant of God there is no need for vanity— Having that said as the recipient of your love you are free to make any arrangements that please you. After all great and permissive is God's love.
Let us also give our utmost this coming year as to not squander the preparations everyone has painstakingly made.	The Dragon Empery's Spring Festival... the celebration of a new year seems quintessential to all. Please rest well after completing your work.
La Galissonnière... seems to be thoroughly enjoying this holiday. Rather that girl seems to be able to find enjoyment in just about anything. Quite broad-minded of her.	The greatest joy is to be able to have a life of peace. If everyone can act in accordance with God's will then there would be no need for justicars.
Here are today's assignments. Let's work together to finish them quickly.	God witnesses all your deeds. The trials you endure today will surely bear fruit in the future.
Be cleansed in the Iris's light!	"Gooood morning! ...Oh am I supposed to be all graceful and say ""well met"" or something?"
Look who's here to see me again! Heehee I know you would since you really like me. Likewise there's a lot about you I like – and dislike.	Oh my were you just sneaking a peek at me? I don't blame you since I'm just soooo cute~ You'll never get tired of staring at me right? Heehee
I can handle anything you throw at me. I'll breeze through anything whether it's a sortie or a bunch of paperwork.	Not to be a glutton but since I've been working hard can't you spare me an itty bitty treat? Haha how about something sweet?
You were staring at me just now weren't you? I bet you were~	An accident huh... I never said you had to apologize!
We patting people's heads now?	You sure have a lot of work to get through... Even if I lend you a hand it'll probably still take a while huh~
That's it for the paperwork! Let's see if you left anything out... Ah found a spot! Gimme a sec to look everything through!	Your mail's here. Mind if I read it?
Welcome back! You won right? I mean obviously you did. Otherwise it'd be tactless of me to greet you like this~	You can stop staring at me already~ After all we have to go welcome the commission fleet back don't we?
Now that's a power boost. Best way to test it would be with a real battle no?	Improvisation expertise and execution – that's what it's all about!
Victoryyy! Now's a good time to congratulate me no? I'd say it is. Heehee.	They actually beat us? How's that even possible?!
I'll show you what I'm made of!	I won't have the wind taken out of my sails here!
Didn't I tell you to leave me alone already? I don't like people who don't listen to what I say.	Oh my~ Did you come to see me again? Ehehe Noshiro's gonna be so jealous if she finds out. Well sit down already. I'll go bring out the tea and snacks – these are some of my favorites from the Sakura Islands!
Of course I know why you come to see me every day~ But isn't it a bit boring if I steal your thunder? At times like these... you're supposed to proclaim your passionate love for me at the top of your lungs right~?	W-wow you really went and did it... Hearing it up-close like that is actually a bit embarrassing. Or were you just teasing me? Did you know I've been serious about you this whooole time?
Ehehe did you steal another glance at me just before you put the ring on my finger? ...Y-you didn't? Geez and here I am trying to show you what a maiden in love looks like...	It's Valentine's Day so naturally I made chocolate for you! Heheh were you excited to get such cute chocolate from such a cute girl? It's written all over your face so don't even try to hide it now!
Good day my dearest~ You look more energetic than usual today~	Wow you came to see me again today! Oh it was just a coincidence? Heehee what a prankster you are~ You totally knew I'd be waiting right here for you~
Ehehe you're going to make me blush if you do that while we're still at work... Huh? I haven't been working for quite some time now? I I totally knew that!	Want me to whip up a light snack for you? Hey just because I like eating doesn't mean I don't know how to cook~
Noshiro is totally head-over-heels in love with you but she just won't admit it... I don't get her at all. Heehee.	Please pay more attention to me... Okay?
Alright alright. Heehee~	You let missions pile up just so you can spend more time working with me didn't you~
And that's all of 'em! See everything's fine when we take things slow and steady~	Welcome back! Let's finish reviewing the mission and then you'll have some Sakura confections waiting for you!
If we're going to go greet the commission team how about bringing Noshiro along?	I'm calling the shots~!
You're the best Sakawa. You're amazing Sakawa. I'm proud of you Sakawa– What's wrong? Haven't decided what to say yet~?	Aren't you dying to tell me how much you love me? Ehehe I'm going to steal those words right from your lips so you'd better think carefully about how to return my feelings. The longer you spend agonizing over it the more my love for you deepens~
Welcome! Heehee you came because you were just so keen to see me am I right? Then I've got to make you feel real welcome	Come get your delicious and fluffy dango~ One for you one for me and we can share the last one~ Ehehe goood morning~!
Happiness is a mouthful of sweets from the Sakura Islands~ Don't you also want to share a bit of this happiness with Sakawa? Here you go then~	Dangos are sooo good~ I could eat them for three days straight! But after that... I'd probably get sick of them and want some yatsuhashi instead~
The stuff you ordered? ...Oh! I think I ate it by accident! Oh silly me!	Since we're trying to make our pop-up café the best it can be I have to memorize the entire menu~ Heehee I'll be making a whole lot of goodies later~
Alright what would you like to order?	Well um... I suppose you just couldn't help it because of how cute I am right...?
I feel like I'm on top of the world~	Sorry to keep you waiting~ I've brought you your piping-hot tea! ...Oh my I seem to have forgotten the teacups! Oh um what should I do...?
We're giving Sakura confections to the commission team as a thank-you reward right?	M-my lips...? Even I'll get embarrassed if you suddenly try to kiss me you know...? But maybe we can go somewhere else later and–– Huh? There's something stuck to the corner of my lips?! Wh-what about the kiss...???
Sometimes good things happen when you're just coasting across the sea.	Hey don't do the same stuff Pensacola does...
Your hand feels just like Pensacola's...	Who cares about missions let's party!
Can we go join the party now?	New mail for you. Oh my is this a love letter? ... Hmm... Okay now where's the trashcan?
Whew those girls went out on a commission in this blazing heat? They even completed it too. Must be awful out there~	Us pretty girls need to take care to maintain our good looks.
Those aren't allies up ahead. Ready all weapons!	This time it wasn't just all luck!
Wuah! I'm out of armor-piercing shells... damn!	The best defense is a good offense!
Helena could you go find something interesting with that radar of yours? Wait... that's San Diego? Great let's go play in the water together!	Here you go my Valentine's chocolate! I worked hard on this plain and simple so promise to eat it okay?
Here! Valentine's chocolate just for you! Bet you're getting a lot of it like every year... Honestly I don't need a date or anything else in return I just wish you'd accept only my chocolate. But I know that's selfish so I won't expect you to!	What's so interesting about this stuff? Let's go play instead~!
Battle stars? Are they really that amazing? I thought everyone had some?	Hey what are you looking for?
Hey not so fast you pervert!	Bring on the missions no matter how many there are!
Co-man-der! Look look! We got some rewards!	It feels like I got a little smarter!
Full speed ahead! ... Ah that was close... I almost tripped...	I was just getting warmed up... Why are they surrendering already?
Huh? Who's this? Where am I...? How did I lose?!	I'm not sure what's going on but let's do it~!
They're actually trying to fight us?!	Don't come near me! Your stupidity is contagious!
You often say mean stuff about me but in reality you're actually having fun aren't you~?	Valentine's? I don't really get the idea but I think all I gotta do is give you this! So anyway c'mon let's play!
Com-man-deeeeer! Happy Valentine's! I'll bet you're really eager to get my chocolate huh? Here you go chocolatey goodness and the love of your number one! Catch!	Lalala la la~! Sing along with me Sara!
I've already finished today's work and did it all in a flash! Now c'mon it's time to have fun!	Is my June bride look just the bestest or what!
Whoa whoa whoa!	San Diego moving out! Go go go!
Woohoo! San Diego's number one!	That's strange why's the microphone cord getting shorter and shorter?
I don't really get it but if I work hard it'll be A-O-K!	The smartest person is the one who is the happiest! Ehehe that's why San Diego is the smartest!
Clock's ticking! We gotta get to work— Oh come on! Here let me straighten your collar. You're a mess!	I set the trap just like the book said but why haven't I caught anything yet? That's strange...
Supporting a carrier group is just watching the skies all day. I wish supporting you was as easy...	My sisters haven't been causing you any trouble have they? Oh thank goodness...
W-w-w-watch your hands!!	How do you still have unfinished missions? Well since you're hopeless without me I suppose I can help you out...
Mission complete! Feels pretty nice to be done huh?	I got your mail for you. Don't forget to check it.
Now I can escort those carriers even better!	I'll keep the skies clear for you! Everyone forward!
Victory is just a result of the effort we put into the fight. It's nothing to be especially proud of.	Agh...! Go! I'll cover your retreat!
You've entered a no-fly zone!	I-it's just a scratch! I can keep going...!
I thought this might happen but... I won't give up!	Um I was thinking if you have time could we go out on a da... date? I know it's my fault for being so hard on you all the time so I'm trying to make it up to you... Whatever I need to do to take us to the next level I'll do it... Okay!?
Here you are my Valentine's Chocolate. It's made from pieces of San Diego's big project which... Ahem it was nothing! *sigh*... I wish you could've given me a hand with it...	Since you're so insistent on it I went and kept a watch on my sisters. Are you happy now? My own chocolate took longer to make because of it. You're a real piece of work you know that? And yet despite that I...
That's right! My sisters can take care of themselves for once! My only focus today will be enjoying myself at the party! ...Oh who am I kidding they can't go without supervision...	Aah! Wh-what was that?!
I left your mail where I always do. Give it a read sometime later.	I'll send 'em packing you know it!
I can get away with showing off just for today... I-I am number 1!	S-so what do you think of my dress? It's definitely different from the rest of my wardrobe a-and I just hope you don't think it's a letdown... Y-you don't? Th-that's great then! Really great!
If you keep on peeping where you shouldn't even kids will not be talking to you~	Eh? Call you 'big bro'? There's no way that's happening~
...wha!	You didn't see the mail? --Then should I read it?
We~ are back~	Saratoga-chan loves you a lot~!
Ooh la la~ Big sis is busy so it's fine that I get to come by once a while~	Wah! I'm in a pinch!
Pranks? I already stopped pulling them on you~ You're no fun for tho	Who should I prank today~?
It's time for Magical Sister Saratoga's invincible catch phrase - even if you can't see the light it'll definitely be all right! ...Opinions?	There's nothing better than sharing Sister Sara's smiles and energy with the world!
Aww Sister Sara's not fit to be a bride anymore~	Welcome back~ Feel free to hang your coat on my planes or something~
Please vote for your cute li'l Sister Sara! Thank you~	Make sure Sister Sara is the center of your universe! Ehehe even if you don't do that I'll use every trick up my sleeves to make sure that you can't take your eyes off me or stop thinking about me~
Sister Sara is a veteran of the Eagle Union and your ever-reliable partner! If anything's eating you up feel free to talk to me~	Pop quiz time! Would you rather go on a date with Sister Sara or get pranked~?
Sister Sara will handle the dinner prep tonight! I'll show you everything that my sis taught me~	Don't underestimate me just because I'm small! ...And I meant that in more ways than one!
Even Sister Sara can get embarrassed you know?!	We've got mail. Wonder if there's any juicy news inside~
The power of love knows no limits~	Sorry sorry! It's okay Sister Sara is totally fine!
Even if we don't get to relax on holiday it's always good to have a swimsuit! Ok let's go! Are you ready to swim?	Even in a day off I'm not loosening up! Phew... Swimsuit check. All preparations complete! Launch time! I'll show you Sister Sara's power!
When you talk about a sport to play on the beach it has to be this!	W-Wales? Why are you hugging me suddenly... I've grown 'bigger'? Really? That's right! I have grown bigger after all!
Eat the ice cream and go complete the mission! I'll prepare a fireworks show for tonight!	We~ are back~ Phew~ it's so hot!
If I evolve once more I'm gonna show the Royals what I'm made of!	Summertime Saratoga has no weakspots!
Sure enough a black ribbon suits Sister sara the best!	A virtual idol has to make a good first impression... Long Island show me some of those cool poses you're always talking about?
Since I don't usually get this opportunity maybe I should try to record a song for an anime~	A new opportunity? An idol only shines because of her courage! We can't be afraid to try new things!
Heh heh the enemy's wide open! Pyoko Pyoko go get 'em~!	Since I've finally become a virtual idol maybe I should release some new songs~
"Hey everyone~! I'm the virtual idol Sara live from Pure White!"" How does that sound? Ehehe~"	I'll show you what a virtual idol is capable of!
Fakkyu! Fakkyufakkyu! Fakk! Yu!	Whoosh! Ehehe~ Did you like our passionate welcoming fanfare?
The sea is colored navy blue and in this moment Sara is a true marine idol! Heheh	Waaah?! ... Heh hehehe... You just gave me a great excuse to test out my new gear...
Sister Sara won't forgive those who would destroy the peace of the seas! Go forth~!	Merry Christmas! Here comes Christmas Sara shining like a star in the silent night! Hehehe how's that for a holiday greeting? So have you decided where we're gonna spend our Christmas Eve yet?
The whole city has been swept up in the holiday mood! Isn't Christmas just the best~?	Wearing this winter outfit lets me blend into crowds! For well multiple reasons...
Look at this panda ornament Ping gave me! Isn't it just adorable?	A New Year's gift? For Sara? Hrmm... You know Instructor Sara would rather be giving than receiving but regular Sara won't turn down a gift from you!
Let me just test my fan... Whoosh! Hehehe~ Nice breeze right?	Hehe you're right on time! And that earns you a prize! Come and have a slice of Sister's whole-grain toast! Get it while it's still hot~
Actually I didn't throw together this picnic all by myself. My new friend helped a whole bunch~	Tomato and veggie sandwiches with whole-grain bread! Today's lunch menu is super healthy!
You're welcome to lie down over there and take a nap but~ I can't guarantee that you won't have circles and squiggles drawn all over your face when you wake up~ Heehee~	Woooah! ...I'm confiscating your food! You've made Sister Sara very angry! Hmph!
You'll not only get to see Sister Sara's cute and charismatic self but you'll even get to learn about how delicious this product is! How's that for a brand ambassador~	Yaaay~ It's time to cook! Well I'm trying to be enthusiastic here but I'm really just pouring hot water...
Woah~ There are so many different flavors here! Do you reckon they have everything we can think of? Ehehe~	Don't miss Sister Sara's special promotional offer~!
You're looking for a fork? Sister Sara definitely didn't hide it on purpose or anything~ Ehehe~	Sneaky sneak... Woah! Sister Sara definitely wasn't trying to sneak hot sauce into the soup base!
You're back? Good timing. I'm just about to test my guns.	Only those who have not been scarred would laugh at someone else's.
Do me a favor and remind our friends not to sail directly in front of me... I might not be able to resist firing at them...	Missions? Let's take care of them in one fell swoop.
Rewards? Hah now that's what I'm looking forward to.	Not bad at all. Seems like you're getting used to battle.
A commission has been completed. Seriously you ought to let me and my little sister handle this stuff.	I'm looking forward to the next battle!
Let us trample the shattered remnants of our enemies!	If there's anything worthy of my trust it's my cannon!
I won't lose next time!	Cowards have no right to stand on the battlefield!
If only I didn't need to care about anything other than becoming stronger or defeating more enemies. But reality isn't so simple...	You've got a pretty nice fleet here. Being here makes me feel like giving it my all.
Expressing your feelings with chocolate huh... Though it's a strange custom I can understand the sentiment behind it. In any case I made some for you. No need to be shy.	Here because I told you last year that I wouldn't mind making you some every year. Even though I was prepared... don't expect anything from the taste. That said making chocolates is... something completely out of my control...
Like I said last year I'm going to make chocolate the right way now. I'll think hard about the recipe and ingredients then trial and error my way forward. Hope you'll... look forward to tasting it. Scratch that – I just hope you'll like it when you have your first bite.	Haahh... Guess it *is* true that sitting for too long makes you feel tired...
"Gneisenau ""convinced"" me to wear this dress and do ""something unrelated to fighting for once."" She didn't really let me decline. That's the long and short of it."	Firecrackers? If you need something flashy and loud why not do it with a cannon salute instead of those toys? It's more impressive to boot.
I'm really fond of the intense gaze my grimalkin has. Hahah relax she's a good girl. Just don't get on her bad side.	The Royal Maids are helping out with the cooking? Hmph that head maid sure has a finger in every pie.
If a *snowball* fight is all we're doing then I'll pass.	Well well guess you're raring to play with my grimalkin.
Looks like you're busy as ever even during the holidays.	Just so happens I'm bored. You maggots are gonna fix that!
Whenever I stop and think about what I can *do* besides charging into battle it makes me feel just slightly uneasy... But I believe I'll find the answer someday as long as I'm with you.	Welcome home Master. I got everything ready for you so all you need to do is sit here... and get right to work!
You know Master I think only the most outstanding maid should have the right to serve her Master... What do you think?	Is there something you're looking for? I know where everything related to the Royal Maids' work is. Don't hesitate to ask.
I couldn't help but notice that another girl was cleaning your office... Oh it's fine Master. But allow me to do it next time; I'm the maid taking care of you right now.	I'm happy to help with whatever you can't or don't want to do. There's nothing wrong with accepting your shortcomings and relying on your maid
Is something the matter? If there's anything I can do for you please don't hesitate to ask.	A maid must be willing to give her everything to her Master. Please do as you wish.
A reward for little old me? Heehee I'm delighted!	Do you have unfinished business? That's no good... Allow me to help you Master
Another mission complete. Heehee I think your exploits are worthy of a medal.	Master you seem to be forgetting some mail addressed to you. Heehee you're so forgetful! But it's okay. I happened to bring it with me.
Don't worry about a thing. Everyone is safe at home in the port and I'm prepared to devote myself to you. So... May I have my orders Master? Heehee!	A commission has been completed. Master I hope you aren't forgetting to welcome the team back? ...Good. I'm ready to depart any time.
Your favour is much appreciated Master.	Trust in your leadership and give the command!
Please accept my sincere congratulations Master.	So this is how you look when you've been beaten... Heehee
Don't try to escape now.	Do not fret Master. I swear that I will return to your side.
Don't ever think that I might leave you Master. It is a maid's duty to care for her master even if said master happens to be a little... wanting.	You are the Master and I am your personal maid. Why should there be any secrets between us? Heehee don't you hide a thing. You want to rely on me more and leave more to me don't you...?
Have you finally found the determination to leave your everything to me? Heehee of course I accept. Leave it all to your personal maid Scylla while you drown in my love forever and ever!	Welcome home Master. Do you... need me to tell you what must be done?
Is there something you need me to do for you again? Yes yes I'll do it. Just be patient. I suppose... I'm the only person who knows that you can't do this Master?	Dido is a bit of a problem for me. She never loses things so she doesn't need me to find things for her. And since she's so capable she never needs my help.
Master if you have a lot of lost items why don't we do a big hunt for all of them? I promise I'll find them all. Heehee we won't need to trouble anyone else.	The more things you can't do yourself the more you'll rely on me and the more I'll get to manage you... I'm pulling your leg. Is that really the sort of life you want Master?
Let me see your indulgent side Master	Leave everything to your maid Scylla my poor adorable Master
My Master. Should I really need to remind you to do such simple missions?	Well done Master~ Thanks to me you've managed to complete your missions.
Master you seem to be forgetting some mail addressed to you. Heehee don't worry. I'll remind you as many times as it takes.	Don't worry about a thing. Everyone is safe at home in the port. By the way Master... Is it just me or do you worry about the others more than you do me?
The Master who brings us victory the Master who everyone praises and... the Master only I know. Heehee	"Did you come all this way just because I asked you to Master? Or... would you prefer I call you ""Senpai"" here? If we're at school then there's no reason for me to act maidly now is there? Heeheehee"
"Welcome home Master. Rather... ""Senpai""? Did you finally remember our little promise?"	"I'm your maid Master so I'm glad to be used however you see fit. Or do you... want to be ""used"" yourself Master? Heehee..."
"Senpai"" do you need my notes from last class? I wrote all the important points so it'll be just like you actually listened to the lecture!"	Where has Lady Argus gone? Oh she's in remedial classes for failing grades? Goodness...
We're just two good friends—in school anyway. But outside this campus... Heehee shall we call that our little secret?	My Glasgow were you watching us? You were excited to see what Master's like at school too weren't you? Heehee don't worry. I'll get plenty of pictures for you.
"My eyes are up here ""Senpai""~"	Is this the kind of stimulation you seek? Heehee you're so naughty~
"This shameful begging isn't like the ""Senpai"" everyone relies on now is it? But it's okay... Leave this mission to me."	"It seems you've finished all of your missions ""Senpai."" Good job! You couldn't have done that with my help right? Heehee!"
"Senpai"" your phone is ringing. Is that a call from someone? Such as... another girl perhaps?"	What brings you back here? Do you not have it in you to leave me alone? Or... Is there something you want me to do for you?
"Senpai"" I'm about to show the other girls that look you had on your face. Are you sure you're ready for that? ...Heehee. Next time don't forget to greet the commission team upon their return."	"Well done ""Senpai."" Look everyone's cheering for you."
"There's no point trying to hide it ""Senpai."" You're just going to have to give up and... Got you! I could never show another girl how pitiful you look right now. But of course... If you would like the others to see I would gladly obey"	I've got a party tea time girls meetup and drinking get-together to attend... Okay! My schedule is PACKED! Guess that's not really a bad thing though!
I've got zilch combat experience on paper but with everyone teaching me stuff I'll catch up in no time!	Listen if you did that on purpose then consider my gears grinded!
New missions! We need more manpower up in here!	I feel like I could snipe a mosquito out of the air!
All right let's gang up on 'em!	Victoryyyy! Let's throw a big party when we get back!
Man if only we'd brought more firepower~	Let's get some hype up in this place!
C'mon team we can do better!	Mi amigo you oughta let up on your jabberwocky mission talky and just live a little sometimes. Listen I'm throwing a party later so stop by and have some fun alright?
I love throwing parties but I'm not gonna FORCE anyone to show up to 'em. But I guarantee anyone who does show up is gonna have a heckin' good time even the super-introverts!	Hey we're BFFs so tell me who's your crush and I'll give you some hot tips~ Heheheh~ ... It's me? Wait hold up you serious? Y-y-you really mean it?!
So hey you know that I idea I had? About throwing a Valentine's present party for you? Yeah Georgia's totally on board with the idea too! ...A little late for that now? Welp... Then let's make it a party for two just you and I right now!	I dig how super-refined I look with this violin! It's not just for show though I've got a little number for you! Check this out!
What kind of drink do ya want Georgia? Ah an Oxycola sour on the rocks? So the usual then? You got it!	So like you know parties are a group activity right? Let's get you away from your drinking-alone corner and out in front of some friends!
I spy with my little eye a few peeps who don't party much... Just gimme a few minutes. I'm gonna go hit 'em up!	Eek! Hey pal I think you might be a little tipsy there.
Heheh! Let's totally rock this place!	As much as I love me a hype party I totally get the appeal of the occasional formal banquet like this. This way I can have some alone time with my sweetheart y'know? Oh man I'm feeling pretty dang drunk right now... Mmhh shleepy...
Meeeerry Christmas~! Even though the party is about to start as you can see I'm still getting ready~ Just gimme a moment all righty~?	I've gotta show everyone who walks through these doors how passionate the Eagle Union is about our Christmas celebrations!
Georgia the gingerbread you wanted is ready! There's a little surprise waiting for you!	Hmm let me think what are we still missing...? Ah! A special Christmas tree that can immediately grab everyone's attention!
The holidays give us all a reason to get together and have a good time. As for me I'm in charge of providing the best venue for that to happen!	Pass the salt shaker this way! Thanks!
All righty that should about do it for the food preparations.	Supportive sorceress Seattle comin' in hot! So something got you down my good pal? I'm up to talk about whatever's on your mind but in return you've gotta come to my party tonight!
I've got a game tournament by noon and barbecue in the evening. Having so much on my schedule makes me a happy gal!	Come on Cheshire! Stop messing around and gimme a hand! You too Georgia! Chop-chop!
Bremerton's a real cool gal! You should totally hit her up if you need life advice or if you run into trouble at the party!	Boy I tell ya I just love the beach! We gotta work extra hard so everyone can have a good time here!
"New missions are in! Maybe this is thanks to that ""magic"" thingy L'Opiniâtre talked about?"	Recreation is important for your well-being but someone's still gotta watch over everyone!
Got no choice but to resurface I guess!	I'm done warmin' up. Time to sortie or what?
These bandages? They're not for when I get hurt they're for wrapping around my fists... You'll struggle to find anyone who can actually injure me.	I dream of justice justice for... Never mind. Let's write off that one as a joke.
All I have are my principles and my fists. Even so I'll always keep moving forward.	You got a damn death wish? You askin' me to knock some sense into that skull of yours? Izzat it huh?!
A mission... That's my kinda deal.	Here your letter.
When's the next sortie? I've still got a ton of spare bandages.	Yo commission's done. Don't tell me you're really considering just keeping those hardworking girls waiting.
I'll become stronger then I'll...!	You're going up against me!
Heh. Won't even need to replace my bandages.	Owwww... Ahaha... Guess this is it...
I'll wreck you!	Think it's about time we say goodbye.
I'm not much of a people person so I'd rather you'd just leave me alone... Hey relax. You're my boss so I'll still do my job.	I can't settle until I've made right out of wrong with my fists. That's my way of life. It's why I try not to get involved in anyone's business; I just don't wanna cause any trouble.
Feels like I've been here a long time... I know I'm the one saying that but still it really has been a long time...	People like you are pretty amazing. You do everything I want to but just a bit better... When I'm with you I even lose track of time... As long as you don't lose sight of who you are I'll follow you to ends of the earth.
Yeah I knew I don't got the dexterity to slice chocolate with gloves on instead of bandages. Don't sweat it I know you're just lookin' out for me not wanting me to get hurt. 'Sides this time 'round I made this chocolate with my sisters. I didn't do the slicing but that's fine – I still played a vital role.	At this time every year I'm reminded that there are some trials that can't be overcome with your fists alone. Actually... If I knocked your lights out for a day wouldn't that do the trick? Hey I'm kidding! Don't get all pale! I made my own chocolate. It's not all that great so don't get your hopes up!
You're back huh? Focus on your work. Gimme a shout when it's time to sortie.	Yeah? Oh I'm working on my sortie pose. When goin' to war you need a war pose y'know?
Violence is the only solution I know of for my problems. That's why I envy you and Jintsuu sometimes.	Whenever I try to be like Jintsuu and use logic to solve problems I usually end up using my fists anyway. I dunno why either...
Hardships don't get under my skin but I'm scared that I'll one day lose my way...	Nice work. Want some sweets? You can have some of mine. They're all stuff I personally like though.
Sorry to say but this is where you'll all die!	Where'd I put my bandages... Oh right don't need 'em anymore... Totally forgot.
Sorry to say... but I can't afford to be defeated here!	Well met comrade. Would you like to learn more about my revolyutsiya? Heheh you hardly have to ask. I know you like the back of my hand comrade.
Carrier-based aircraft? Let me just say bring 'em on. We'll see if they can beat Sevastopol!	Social standing matters not when it comes to revolution. Heh as long as we share the same willpower we're comrades through and through!
We are two comrades. I will gladly exchange a handshake with you!	Huh?! H-hands off!
You have a new mission. Do your best and keep your eyes on the prize: a celebration full of vodka!	Ahahahaha! Another step closer to revolution! M-maybe I'd better tone down the drinking for today...
In celebration of our comrades' victory... A toast of vodka! Ack! *chokes*... I-I'm fine!	Transport of goods especially to battlefields is a difficult thing. You should be thankful for the efforts of your commission team.
What revolutionary growth. Hahahahaha!	If you don't want to die stand aside!
Ahahaha! All who seek to obstruct the revolution are fated to fall!	As long as I have not sunk I will continue to stand time and time again! That is the meaning of revolution!
Glory to the revolution!	Urgh...! I'm not even drunk!
You certainly have the qualifications to be a proletariat but you don't quite understand the revolutionary spirit...	I could trounce you with ease but as people with similar goals I will treat you as an equal. Heh you should be thankful that you've become an ally of the Northern Parliament instead of sinking beneath our iron billows.
I don't know what those battle-addled idiots think of you but if nothing else you might make for a fine drinking partner. Heh don't get too carried away; keep on applying yourself.	*hic*... C'mon you haven't even finished half your glass yet. Pfft heheheh... Waiting for me to drink myself under the table are you? Well too bad... No matter how much I drink... *hic*... I'm not goin' down...
I'd look miserable if I got drunk at work. Listen! You'd better stop me before I get drunk! ...Cheers!	Aww someone looks like they're ready to learn. Okay! Sevastopol dreadnought and training ship would be happy to teach you!
Ask me for anything. As a comrade I intend to do everything in my power to help you.	I brought some beer! Heh unlike Gangut you'd get bored of only drinking vodka pretty fast right?
Come to think of it when did I even put this on... I-I mean gotta dress right for a hot spring bath right?! See? Look I even tied the sash right!	Voroshilov? Don't worry about her. I don't know if she gets by through grit alone but she's the kind to never get dizzy in a hot bath.
The joy of getting out of a hot bath? Umm... How about you go first comrade? Erm I'm just feeling a little y'know...	I'm soaked? ...Haha well yeah? I was bathing in the hot spring so duh...?
A new mission... Once it's over how about we celebrate with wine instead of vodka?	The commission team is back. Think it's their turn to come in after us?
Salute! I put my faith in your guidance as always Commandant!	Commandant I do understand our mission at this port but I hope to one day move up and fight for humanity's– Forgive me I should have held my tongue.
Lützow! Stop that before you distract the Commandant! ...Well Commandant I do believe getting distracted is a bad thing...	I've no grand ambitions of being hailed as a hero. My heart's only desire is to serve you faithfully Commandant.
People who doubt their comrades deserve to be shunned. If they must doubt anyone it should be themselves.	Salute! Your orders Commandant!
C-Commandant?!	Salute! What are your orders?
You have unfinished missions Commandant! It may be wisest to do the newest ones first.	You have received mission rewards! Whew... I'm glad it went off without a hitch. Outstanding work Commandant.
Salute! I've brought your newly-arrived letter!	A salute to your return Commandant! Phew... I take it your battle was an honorable one as always?
The commission team has returned to port! Commandant please have a look!	You've made me stronger Commandant! You have my thanks!
Achtung! Reduce them to scrap!	Commandant your in-person commanding was a thing to behold! Frankly however I don't believe I can say the same of my own performance...
I failed by not following my orders... What a disgrace!	You will not sink me! I won't allow it!
Miladies! Take cover behind me!	This is all because I'm a worthless maggot... Commandant I beg for your forgiveness!
If you'll forgive my audacity I have a request. Commandant please give me more orders! I will do anything you require of me!	I have complete faith in your decisions. Except... the worry that my service isn't all you hoped for lingers in the back of my mind. But rest assured it will not hinder me in combat!
Spend my day off however I want...? While that does sound nice I'm not sure what I want to do is good in your eyes Commandant... But if that's your order I will follow it!	Y-you wish to go on a date? With me of all people? ...Forgive me I should not question an order from you Commandant! I will make every step towards ensuring a thoroughly enjoyable date!
"While I am overjoyed by your offer of marriage I'm worried if my answer won't be to your– No! Of course I'm not turning you down! What I mean is I don't know whether to say ""gladly"" or ""I love you."" You may decide if you'd like Commandant!"	Commandant I'd like to give you my Valentine's chocolate! It's filled with the respect I hold for all you do. If you are even remotely satisfied with my service I could think of no higher honor than for you to have this!
As always I aim to please you today Commandant! ...I-if I inconvenience you in any way please do inform me.	Commandant you need not be concerned about me. I am being myself as one is obliged to be.
Please assign me a task Commandant! ...Y-you've already finished all your work? Oh I see...	Commandant suppose I were to behave less like a soldier and more like a regular woman... Would you prefer that?
You're very kind Commandant being willing to give ear to my opinions. Meanwhile I feel I don't even deserve to have opinions...	I'll gladly listen if you wish to confide in me!
W-well if I'm your type then I suppose... Pardon it's nothing Commandant!	Look you don't– Ahem. Commandant I'd rather you treated me as a soldier not as a lady!
Commandant! Please advise which mission I should start with!	I sensed you may be thirsty so I went ahead and made tea! W-would you like a cup?
Thank you for this high honor! This victory goes to my comrades and the Commandant!	Commandant! Miladies! Please make your escape while I hold the line!
"Good lord... I should've prepared better before asking you on a date... Oh no nothing's wrong! I-it's just... Your immediate ""yes"" made my heart flutter in surprise Commandant!"	There it is – Dracula's Castle brought into this world by chaos itself... On my honor I swear I will put an end to the divine bloodline!
It's time to breach the castle Commandant. I shall lead the way!	Once the fighting ends so does the role of a vampire hunter... Is that truly what I or rather the power within me wants?
I've got you now Lützow! Say your prayers for it's time you paid for the Commandant's lost productivity!	I'm more than just a shipgirl I'm now the blade that cuts down all evil. This duty granted unto me shall be carried out!
You'd like meat for dinner today? Certainly. The question is how do we procure meat out here...	We know not what beasts lurk in the shadows... Mgh...
Such frightening armor... Eek!	I have your new letter right here Commandant.
A castle of this size must have numerous ways in and out. Commandant we should take this route if you're in a hurry.	Die monsters! You don't belong in this world!
Salute! Oh dammit I dropped the bounty... Apologies. I will clearly need to practice my posing...	How do I look Commandant? I thought you may like seeing me in a dress however I don't know if this is what you desired or not...
Let us begin Commandant. Your work for today has started.	My banquet attire pales in comparison to everyone else's... If you could create my ideal look what would it be like Commandant?
On my name and pride I promise to find us a place to relax while you mingle with the other guests!	This way my fair ladies... I'll be leaving your side momentarily to accustom myself to this place Commandant. Excuse me for a while.
A-at your service Commandant!	I feel I'm ill-suited to be your partner this evening... Do you desire me regardless?
Exemplary work Commandant. Have you tried the food on offer this evening yet? I'm sure you're going to love it!	Victory can be seized even in a dress... I'm now confident this is what you desired Commandant!
I strictly follow the principle of divulging nothing to outsiders but giving full disclosure to my superior officers.	Are you curious about these butterflies? Bugwatching is one of my hobbies actually. I brought these darlings with me from Panama.
Did you just perform a health examination on me?	My hair ornaments? They're a gift from Yat Sen; she said they go well with my name.
We've received a mission from headquarters. I made note of it in our task list.	You've received new mail. If you're short on time you could consider having me read it out for you.
The fleet has returned to port. Let us hold a tactical debriefing once everyone has had some time to rest.	A commission has been completed. Shall go and we receive the returning team?
Thank you. I will repay your generosity with greater glory in battle.	Turn bow to the wind! We shall teach them the importance of freedom!
Shangri-La will forever be out of reach to the likes of you.	This wasn't... supposed to happen!
Weather the storm and fight with all your might!	Put out the fire! Please hurry!
*sigh* I've asked you time and time again to be more health-conscious... Please have this cup of saffron tea. It's good for you.	Did you know that the saffron flower symbolizes joy in floriography? To me writing your biography fighting by your side and personally looking after you... That is the greatest joy of my life.
This shawl you gave me is really cozy. Hehe let's huddle up like this... There now we share the warmth.	This specimen looks to be fairly ancient... You could watch from behind me or you could join me for an up-close examination; we can enjoy our time here however you wish.
It seems I can only make notes and sketches as there's no photography allowed here... I'm a little annoyed by that.	"Should I respond like a dinosaur and go ""Graaawr!"" for you? Hehehe~"
Please mind your step Master... Right there... is where I just mopped.	"Hmm? ""Cleaning"" things up with a gun falls perfectly within a maid's normal line of duty Master."
"Master I love you."" Please believe me I put at least 30% emotion into those words."	Master if you wish to take a nap please tell me ahead of time. I will make sure you don't oversleep with this gun.
Belfast dotes on you too much Master. At this rate I'm afraid that you will turn into a useless lump of driftwood.	Pest- I mean Master what requests do you have? I beg your pardon that was a slip of the tongue.
I do hope you have this same kind of strong spirit on the battlefield.	"Please entrust all ""cleaning"" tasks to me."
Master do you plan to give all the mission rewards to me?	Master I've already sorted your mail.
Good work Master. There is still some work for you to take care of. Please do your best.	Master does the sound of my gun not remind you of something? Perhaps something like the commission fleet that you've kept waiting?
Hmm... this feels a bit of all right. Thank you Master.	"Garbage"" will pile up if you don't ""clean"" it up..."
Are you satisfied with these results Master?	Master please assign me to the rear...
Do you hear that? The ringing of your death knell.	So you pests have a few tricks up your sleeves...
I see Master you are remarkably similar to a pest morphologically. The world is full of mysteries.	I understand Master. You've finally awakened to the realisation that you are an oversized lump of non-combustible rubbish and your psyche is screaming for me to grant you the sweet release of... Just kidding please wait while I make tea for you.
To facilitate ease of reading I took the liberty of organising and re-categorising all the books on your shelf. Please check the results.	Master are you troubled by the way I talk and act toward you? If so you must understand that is the way I express my love my beloved Master. Yes it's true.
Upon the name of Virgin Mary I pledge may the hammer of love be dropped upon those that would harm my master... Master? U-um I wasn't doing anything in particular. You must have heard me wrong. Anyway let's get this absolutely mortifying ceremony over with as soon as possible...	Sigh... if it's chocolate you want just come out and say it. Don't play coy. I shan't refuse a request from my master... Here do be quick in returning the favor.
Here is some Valentine's Day chocolate for my wonderful Master... What are you doing? Even the lowliest of pests would not hesitate to receive chocolate from a maid. Please consider the fact that this is extremely embarrassing for me too.	This Valentine's Day chocolate is for you my most beloved Master. Please take it... I know I remarked on your hesitance last year but it bothers me just as much when you accept it with no sign of reserve. Why? Because it catches me by surprise making me seem like a fool... Pardon? You don't think so at all? I see.
Pes– Ahem Master do you honestly think I've made chocolate for you? ...No I'm simply pretending to be as harsh as I once was as much as it pains me to do so. Yes my heart aches terribly so allow me to start over. Master you are the kindest soul I have ever met. Please accept my chocolate.	... Did you find out about my undercover identity? You leave me no choice. Master I cannot allow you to leave this room... Of course I'm jesting it's merely a hobby.
Master what kinds of missions are we to carry out tonight?	Maid by day and secret agent by night? Hmm that does fit the Royal style. Unfortunately for you it's just your imagination.
The slumbering city silent and dark inexplicably makes me feel at ease...	Master it is not incomprehensible that you would desire some excitement in your life but please focus on the work at hand.
Do not let your guard down for even a second and always be ready to fight. From this point a secret agent and a maid are quite similar. Huh? Maids don't have to fight? Master your jests are quite rich.	Master you don't have to come all the way up to get me. It's going to be a pain to get you back down safely.
Out of respect for your bravery I shall reserve this special bullet just for you.	Master what do you plan to exchange for this all-important piece of mail?
Let's hurry up and get this over with. The night wanes.	The Sakura Empire's summer festivals... they're quite noisy. It will be difficult to keep things clean with so many people around... Despite that I'm still having a good time. Is there a problem?
So this is where you were Master. I was afraid that you had gotten lost and almost mobilised the entire Maid Team. What exactly were you doing?	Swiftsure don't stay in your room while the festival is going on. Go out there and socialise with the others. Of course it's worth the effort...
So this is cotton candy... Mmf.. It's very sweet... Nn... What are you waiting for?	Master what do you think about this festival? If you're enjoying it perhaps we can go to a similar Western-style event next time.
Southampton why did you run off to the festival when you're supposed to be on duty? Ugh... What am I going to do with you...	This outfit is quite breezy. I will have to thank Ms. Victorious on behalf of the Maid Team.
I keep a gun with me at all times.	Do you need something?
Not a bad selection of fireworks. I thought that I had nothing to see since I've had to put on so many opulent displays of pyrotechnics for Her Majesty's enjoyment but I feel like these are pretty tasteful.	Regardless of the occasion there is always time to take out the trash.
The fact that you're asking your own maid to be your partner at the ball shows a concerning lack of gumption as a human being... However if you go and make a fool of yourself it will reflect poorly upon my standing as a maid. Therefore I have no choice but to accompany you.	There is no need for panic Master. I've become quite accustomed to your lack of punctuality.
Don't worry I've hidden my gun. If anything happens I will protect you.	Making your maid be your partner is a difficult request that falls outside normal lines of business. As fair compensation please bring me a cake later.
As your partner I will naturally draw plenty of unwanted attention. I must steel myself mentally.	I can see other members of the Maid Team going about their business... What a strange fetish you have Master to make someone who should be working behind the scenes take center stage...
You'd like to escort me? Normally I'd decline because that'd be embarrassing but... you'd look so wretched that I simply have no choice but to accept.	Master please do not get carried away in your excitement.
Master I do hope you haven't forgotten that there is still a party to attend... How hopeless you are. Allow me to tidy up your appearance.	Your enthusiasm for this party is understandable but please do not forget about the commissions.
Allow me to warn you ahead of time Master. I will not come to your rescue if you spring another trap so please mind your step henceforth... Just kidding. It is a maid's duty to aid her master after all.	It is good to see you Master. Please let me know when you've chosen an infiltration route.
Why am I braving this dungeon with you you ask? Well I don't believe any other party would take it on with a master less capable than a mere maid.	Have you truly had ample rest Master? Considering your stamina I sincerely cannot fathom a scenario wherein we reach the end of this dungeon together.
"*sigh*... As much as I wish I could use my firearms to ""take out the trash"" doing so would entail wreaking havoc on the stage dressing."	To think we must crawl through ventilation shafts. How revolting... Oh it's nothing. Please Master lead the way – I insist.
Please allow me to protect you Master. You will make this more difficult for me if you suffer an injury.	Is this how you would portray a monster?
You have received a new quest Master. I pray it's nothing that will put you in danger.	Your quest rewards have come in. Please put them to good use.
You have received a letter. Now is the most opportune time to read it Master.	Welcome back Master. It surprises me to see you on the frontlines. While it's true you're helpless in a battle your mere presence does inspire courage.
The commission team has returned. May I suggest that you contact them?	I shall defeat our foes in one fell swoop.
It pleases me to know you can be of some use during these dark times as well Master.	(As long as we're in this dungeon I have the Master all to myself. I would ordinarily be insubordinate to ask for this exclusivity but if the Master so desires it...) Oh not at all. I have no desire to remain here for as long as possible.
It's so peaceful... How about we play a game of luck?	The gods seem to really love me so hurry up and shower me with compliments
You don't look too good. How about a torpedo to cheer you up?	Stop touching me! Don't blame me if something blows up!
Huh? Work? Geez it's ALWAYS about work...	*Tsk*... If it weren't for the rewards then who'd bother with these jobs...
I brought you your mail~ Now guess which hand I'm holding it with	*Laughs* Guess who's back~!
Hm? Guess it's time. Heheh I don't even need to actually head out for as long as I'm in the fleet bountiful rewards are guaranteed	Mhm making me stronger is a smart decision.
Let's give a warm welcome to our foolish enemies~!	That was a good fight considering how they suck
N... Not bad... You'd better remember this!	I am Shigure of Sasebo! Watch closely!
We're gonna lose? That can't be~!	I curse you with bad luck! You idiot!
You want good luck? It's not something you can just get.	Getting pranked by me is a lucky thing on its own you dunce Although I do like that about you.
Thank your lucky stars that you're getting Valentine's chocolate from me Shigure! Eating it will ward off bad luck so make sure to sing my praises while you savor it~	So what are we doing today? Trying your luck against mine? Very well~ Since you insist even though you know you're gonna lose dummy
What are you looking at? Well you big idiot?	Aren't my nails super cute? Hah hah hah! By the by I'm the one always painting Yuudachi's nails and making them look pretty! Now tell Shigure how awesome she is
Heheh~! Well well what do you think you're doing? Com-man-der?	Because the mighty Shigure is such a benevolent girl all I've done is report what you did. Hahaha! Time to see how long you can evade capture
What are you doing?! Don't lump me together with that dumb Yukikaze!	You're gonna see what the mighty Shigure's really made of!
You thought I wouldn't bite you just because you complimented my swimsuit? *Hiss*	Yamashiro gave me this little rose! If you thought I'd give it to you think again!
Don't touch my ears I'm ticklish there!	Oxygen torpedoes: prepare for simultaneous launch!
Yamashiro warned me not to pull any weird tricks and she's treating me like I don't know that already... If anything she's the one we should worry about...	What's with that spinning gaze of yours? I'm right over here!
What the hell Yuudachi! At least try to mind your table manners!	There'll be a raffle? Hmph this time I'll defeat that stupid Yukikaze!
H-hey! Don't you leave me hanging over here!	I guess I have to always be with you to make sure an idiot like you doesn't get lost Heheh this beneficiary of Lady Luck will never lose sight of you
With your chocolate out of the way now it's time to make chocolate for my sisters! And yes you're gonna help out with it!	My chocolate is so unique you can't replicate it just by watching me! So gaze in marvel at me all you want! Heheh
Now to give it a good stir then... Ahh! My apron's come undone!	Yup! My chocolate has the benefit of negating bad luck! It's because I make it so rarely!
Well well! You want more don't you Com-man-der?	A letter? Give it a look right this moment.
Watch and be stunned by my greatness!	Here's proof that I'm the real lucky ship!
Houshou's carrot cake is just divine! I hope to taste it again sometime.	My rigging calibration checks out. I'm fully prepared to sortie at your command!
My shoes? They're quite special. In fact these shoes are what allow me to go faster than everyone else! Ha-hah!	The Sakura Empire is home to many sword-wielding shipgirls... If I ever get the chance I'd love to borrow and swing someone else's sword for myself.
Any two people can come to an understanding as long they're both willing to listen! That's what I've always believed!	Huh? Have I done something incorrectly?
Eek! What has gotten into you?! If I didn't know any better I'd think... Well just this once I'll turn a blind eye to it.	Mweeehhh... Please d-don't touch my ears! It makes me shooo weak... Aaaahh...
Mission completed! Quick let's check what rewards we've earned!	Apropos of nothing I think you should check your latest mail.
Hmm... Commission teams don't run into ambushes out at sea do they...?	I can become even faster... even stronger!
Shall I assume command? Understood! I won't disappoint you!	All right! Another first-place finish!
I-I'll reflect upon my errors...	Maybe I should turn this into one of my secret moves!
Don't die on me now engines... Please hang in there!	If you manage to right all your wrongs then maybe you'll earn my forgiveness!
I am THE strongest destroyer! Or so I'd like to think. But to truly become the strongest I'll have to hone myself through my training and sorties!	People often say I'm too hasty but isn't swift decision-making supposed to be a good thing? Plus if you don't fight with all you've got it could come back to haunt you! Hehehe!
What is THIS?! Wasn't this meant to be an emergency mission briefing?! Wait what's this ring...? I fell for it hook line and sinker! But why trick me into coming? I would've agreed to it if you'd just told the truth!	To protect what's dear what matters isn't the weapon in your hands but the will in your heart. Wouldn't you say that's true?
My rigging is in tip-top condition! I feel like I could take on the world today!	I'm not THE fastest – I just happen to be the fastest ship! After all one should not ever outrun humility.
Long-range torpedo strikes are my specialty but... I don't suppose there is any way this fleet can leverage that.	At least you didn't touch my ears. The outcome wouldn't have been worksafe... Ugh...
Mweeehhh...	Mission completed! I went ahead and brought you the rewards!
I've confirmed the commission team's safe return to port! A peaceful journey is always best!	In the event we lose please don't take it out on me!
The Shimakaze Fleet can make even the impossible happen!	Sweetheart? I'd love to have dinner with you after work then go shopping together. I wish we'd have more time for ourselves even if I'd always want more of it. Hehehe~ Got to make the most of what we can get though right?
Abukuma invited me to go fishing with her! So I'm going out to meet– Y-you think it's best if I change clothes first?	Suruga! You should try a bunny girl costume too! ...Y-you wouldn't be caught dead in one? Isn't that a little extreme even for an aversion?!
These frills fit around my ears perfectly! Which is good because I'd become lethargic if they were too tight...	There being no danger of skirt-flipping doesn't make this tolerable behavior!
Outstanding work! I will provide tonight's entertainment act! As soon as I come up with something entertaining... Hmm...	I'm truly in my element in this outfit!
I'm the fastest strongest destroyer... And that's a fact!	After much thinking I've realized that I'm not Alice but rather the White Rabbit! So isn't it weird that I'm lost in here?
The sheer scale of this set is staggering! I've run around all over the place and still found no sign of the exit... What?! I've been going in circles all this time?!	If Suruga was here how would she... Wait COULD Suruga even find a way out of this place? Because I am completely out of ideas!
There's the exit! Watch I'm going to make a mad dash for– Owie! Th-this is just a dang mirror!	Mhm! Allow me to show you the right path to your destination!
At least it's not my... No ears or not it's embarrassing when you touch me like that!	Laffey could find a way out if she were here... Whoa! Word of a new mission just came in!
The commission team has come back! But as it stands now we can't meet them!	Hippity hoppity! That's what happens when you underestimate me!
Naganami must surely hate getting her tail wet... One could say the same about my ears I suppose.	Now now Kii please don't try to pressure Suruga into... Wow! You'll really let me take her place in the beach volleyball tournament?
I don't need sunscreen – I can simply dart in and out of the shade! Fwoosh fwoosh!	Whatever it is you need I'm all ears.
Do you think this is acceptable in broad daylight?! Please!	I fight at peak performance even in this swimsuit!
I'm almost more scared of being pursued by sharks than the enemy...	... Touch me in the wrong way and you will die.
I am bad at dealing with hotheads.	"You're standing beside me because I have a ""cooling aura""? Are you an idiot?"
Enjoying yourself are you?	You have a thing for ghosts? You really are something...
It seems we have a new mission However I do not care either way.	"Rewards"" have arrived Ah do not task me with collecting them you may do it yourself."
"You seem to have ""mail"" I should not have to help you with this too..."	You may stare all you wish but it will not make me start floating...
I waited 1 whole minute for you yet you did not realize that a commission had been completed It really is true you are a big fool who cannot do anything if I am not around.	You certainly are a big fool spending such precious resources on me
Allow me to show you all my combat techniques...	I never imaged they would be this weak
Curses upon you all	O will-o'-wisps join me for this strike...
There exists no cure for your stupidity...	I will come in the dead of night and devour you soul I said and you actually believed it? It was in fact my embers that chased away so many pests and yet you thought I would harm you? You tremendous fool
"*Sigh*... Would it not have been better if I could have been your guardian angel instead Then I could always intervene I mean ""protect"" you when need be."	Here Valentine's chocolate... Unlike that Akashi I'm not charging you for it. But if you like it I might put it on my shelves...
Good day. I am here to deliver your Valentine's chocolate. You seemed keenly interested in this item in question and so I poured much effort into making it. With that I wish you a pleasant Valentine's Day.	You seem surprised to find me here when I should be watching the store... I'm sure you can figure out why that is if you use your head for a moment. If you deduced that it's to give you my Valentine's chocolate you are correct. Thank you for your continued patronage and affection.
If you have this much money remaining... then you may visit me and spend it with confidence... A discount you say...? Of course... Someday I shall give you one...	My will-o'-wisps burn stronger than before... *Giggle* this is the power of money... I'm merely jesting of course.
Work diligently and you will only be a fool by your appearance.	I take my work both as a secretary and shopkeeper seriously... If I feel like it... I could offer you a 5% discount.
Yes yes your wish has been heard. Please make your way yonder to amuse yourself with my will-o'-wisps.	Groping a shopkeeper like this... is surely not a turn-on of yours...?
Gawking won't earn you a... *Groan*... Then just for beverages I could give you... F-fifty percent off.	Happy Mid-Autumn Festival... I hope I said that right...?
Lotus seed mooncakes osmanthus mooncakes five-nut mooncakes... If it sells well it's a good mooncake wouldn't you agree?	These mooncakes are one hundred percent authentic unlike the tech p... Err I didn't say anything.
That dumb Akashi why'd she have to go and order so many of these... when am I going to be able to clear out this stock...?	Weird... lately I seem to forget what I'm forgetting... What am I gonna do...
We've got a job to do! This time I won't forget!	look out get out of the way! My breaks aren't working!
Huh? Where are we? Oh no it's the enemy!	Ah! Now I remember what I wanted to say! But... you said it first... even though I wanted to be the first to say it...
Hehehe it's funny how for once you're the one who's lost~ I looked all over for you so I could give you this chocolate. All that walking made me tired and I thought about eating it myself though... By the way where is everyone...?	H-here they come... Your order and your cutesy dutesy maid... Whoaahh! I'm sorry! Look out!
*Sob*... I messed up again...	I see so that's how your footsteps sound... I'll commit it to memory.
Why does everyone want to touch my ears? What's so special about them...?	I like the scritchy-scratchy noise paper makes when you write on it. It's relaxing.
Fubuki's always bursting with energy whenever I see her. I'm honestly impressed with her...	A carrot? Uhh no thanks? What do you think I am? A rabbit?
More new missions... Ugh... Could I call over Fubuki for some extra help?	That noise... Sounds like our rewards are here.
Here's your letter. You should read it before it becomes old news.	Sounds like the commission team has returned to port. I heard their footsteps.
Motivation overclocked! ...Is what Fubuki would say I bet.	I have a little experience with leading a fleet but...
It's over? Phew... Looks like everyone's okay too.	They beat us... I'll cover our retreat!
I'm... not afraid to bite...!	This doesn't look promising...
I I don't want to hear your noise...	I've not heard anything suspicious today... And that's a good thing.
I don't like crowds. All the noise they make gives me headaches... I much prefer quiet places.	We could share an umbrella on a rainy day go for a walk and just listen to the sound of the raindrops... Hm? Did I say something out loud just now?
Can I snuggle you up for a minute? Thanks... I can hear your heart going ba-thump ba-thump. It's really soothing~	Everyone expects me to make something so I made some carrot chocolate. You can have some since you love touching my ears all the time. Personally I don't really like carrots so I haven't tasted it much... It'll probably be good though.
"Today it's my turn to look after the bunnies. No I said ""look after"" not ""be looked after by."	Maybe I should also bring some hay along with the carrots... No Fubuki! You can't feed that stuff to a bunny!
I guess the ears really are the first thing people go for when they see a bunny... No I'm talking about bunnies not me!	Oh to be a happy rabbit spending my days eating sleeping and playing with humans...
There's a lot you have to keep in mind when playing with a bunny. For starters...	Come here little bunny. There that's a good girl... Phew. Finally got them all to settle down.
Ahh~ the folks always tell me I'm gonna be a real beauty when I grow up~	My big sis and Kaga are always lookin' after me but one day I wanna be more independent!
I don't really mind but you shouldn't be doin' that to others.	Nnh... Stuff like this... is better saved for night~
I brought the mission rewards!	Need a rest? How 'bout I give your back a nice thumpin'?
A commission's all wrapped up~! Let's go welcome everyone back!	I'm a li'l closer to becomin' an adult!
Sisters charge! Let's show 'em who's the star o' this show!	I've got the God o' Fortune by my side! Of course I'm gonna win!
How could I lose to those guys?	It's show time y'all!
My children are all Shikigami - easy to store but a pain to maintain! Y'all came at the right time - maintenance!	I have no regrets 'bout what happened at the Coral Sea. I read we oughta accept our failures else we won't learn from our mistakes! Eh? You think I'm amazin'?
Don't look so sad... I'll keep growing. I'm sure of it!	Why does everyone treat me like a kid when I'm already all grown up?
Grown-ups need to play too! Won't you play with me Com~man~der?	Sis... sisters...
Trick or treat!	Hehe I'm a real beaut aren't I?
All these crazy pumpkins... whose sorcery is this?	Pumpkin Fleet sortie!
Intelligence is said to be a woman's virtue but that often puts me at odds with those senpai of mine. How troublesome~	The melody of my flute is a requiem for the dead. Shall I play it for you?
Though our relationship was once one of victim and perpetrator I look forward to working with you Lexington.	Zuikaku if you keep causing trouble for our Eagle Union colleagues you'll only get tempura for dinner tonight~
Let me take a look the mission... It's not the Coral Sea? That's too bad~	We're not going to carry out our plans of attrition warfare? Tch~
We've got mail from HQ they told us to carry out the Decisive Battle Doctrine. Heh just kidding~!	The girls have returned safely to port just like the Fifth Carrier Division always does.
This is all required to carry out the Circle Five Plan.	Now I can protect Zuikaku better!
The perfected aircraft carrier Shoukaku setting sail!	The Glory of the 5th Carrier Divison is here! *giggles*
Hiryuu-senpai may be willing to fight until the bitter end but... that's not my style. What a shame~	This is the privilege of being the elder sister!
Pump water to the other side! Hurry!	My sister Zuikaku and I held on for two years during the darkest of times. If only our senpai could have worked a little bit harder.
Do I hold a grudge against the First and Second Carrier Divisions? Of course~ For them to leave us behind like that wouldn't anyone complain in that situation?	Those senpai are so sly! Just when I was about to overtake them they went somewhere I could never reach! How unfair!
The melody of my flute is like a flowing river requiring an inspiration that usually can only be found atop a mountain. Just being by your side however inspires me even more.	All flowers must wither all leaves must fall and all dances must end... But right now forget about all that and lose yourself in the moment.
Zuikaku you're being too nervous. Just do what your sister tells you to. First relax just relax...	Before the banquet begins shall we practice one more time?
Who will be the star of tonight's show? Will it be me... or us? Hehe~	I hear a little tune that's not coming from the banquet... What could it be~?
Because it's a special occasion I'll call a one-day truce with those seniors of mine~	The flowers scatter in the wind...
Doesn't the breeze today feel quite pleasant~?	This kind of work isn't so bad once you get used to it. Hehe~
You're welcome to sink into my warmth but you'll have to wait until after work~	Phew... Why don't we take advantage of the break to rest a bit?
Com~man~der~ Help me~ Please you are the only one I can count on~	If you don't do your work properly even I will show an angry face for it. Com~man~der?
A new mission... If you finish it properly I will re-evaluate you right away~	The rewards have been distributed~ Or could it be~ that you want a reward from me?
You need not shower me with praises. Pay attention to others as well~	Ganbara Knight!
Oh dear this is bad!	Do you need something? I'm concentrating on work right now so spare me the sweet talk~
Please mind the time place and mood when you do this so I'm sorry! ... Ah! I don't mind the amount of times you confess to me~	The Shropshire Express has arrived with your Valentine's chocolate! ...Why am I still wearing an apron? Heheh well I put it on too tight and now I can't get it off myself. So... Help please?
Someone's looking awfully lazy~ Watch out before Sussex says something to you. She doesn't get that being a bit of a good-for-nothing makes you that much cooler~	London says changing clothes can change feelings. Buuut... Whose feelings are they supposed to change I wonder~?
We can't do this! But I know you won't listen~ Hmph.	Ready for your big reward for a job well done? Drumroooll... Next time Sussex lectures you I'll put in a good word for you!
You can look at me all you want! As long as you don't forget to check your commission rewards.	For once Shropshire's gonna act capable! Here goes!
At least you're capable when it comes to complimenting me and the other girls right? Heheh!	That wasn't on purpose I swear~!
It is good to see you return my honourable Master.	My honourable Master what would you like to learn more about today? Literature and culture? Logistics and strategy? The fine arts? Or perhaps you are more interested in more... carnal knowledge...?
"Cleaning""...? If it is combat you are referring to then I vow to meet all expectations you set for me my honourable Master."	Regardless of what may ever happen I shall always accompany you my honourable Master.
Achieving a balanced diet is essential for one's health. Therefore although my cooking skill may be unsatisfactory to you please do not forgo the meals I prepare my honourable Master.	Please refrain from intimate contact while others can see us my honourable Master.
If you wish for me to service you tonight then... M-my apologies! I made a rather careless assumption...	A mission of this magnitude is inconsequential. Isn't that correct my honourable Master?
My honourable Master the mission rewards have arrived.	My honourable Master the mail is here.
It is good to see you return. There is tea and a light meal prepared for you. And if you'll pardon my initiative I have also prepared a creep... a crêpe. Would you like to have it now?	My honourable Master I have information regarding the results of a commission so please relocate to the sofa and get in a relaxing position.
My honourable Master I shall become even more gorgeous for you.	Let us bring victory and glory to our honourable Master!
My honourable Master I have cleared the path so that you may move forward.	How shameful... My honourable Master it seems I have made a mess of myself. Please give this naughty maid her due punishment.
My honourable Master please grant me strength!	As the Masters maid I shall not be defeated!
...I implore you to be more honourable my slightly disappointing Master.	I take honour in my service to you Master. However should you find my service unsatisfactory in any way compared to the Head Maid I kindly ask of you to tell me.
To me there is nothing more honourable than to have the privilege of serving you my honourable Master.	If you find my embrace to be relieving then I would gladly do so again at your command my honourable Master.
I ask of you to stand proud and illuminate all the world with your glorious image my honourable Master...!	Oh the bliss of getting to make this wondrous vow... Please close your eyes for this unseemly maid and permit her to feel your warmth... My honourable Master...
Honourable Master please forgive me... I tried making you a chocolate cake and it was all going so well up until the step where I had to melt the chocolate. But then I didn't know where to put the melted chocolate... Please teach this ignorant maid. Please Honourable Master...!	Honourable Master I have made this Valentine's chocolate for you under the direct guidance of Dido and Hermione. Indeed I have finally succeeded in the endeavor of making edible chocolate! It would not have been possible without your gracious lecturing my honourable Master!
"Happy Valentine's Day my honourable Master. I hope you'll savour this chocolate I made for you... It looks ""ordinary""? Well I followed your and my sisters' advice to a T... Or are you suggesting that you're more interested in me than the chocolate?"	My honourable Master this year I offer you not only chocolate but also a fine meal as well! The Royal Maids ever so helpful gave this food their blessings so I am confident that it will be to your tastes. N-naturally in the event that it isn't I am fully prepared to serve as your replacement meal!
My dear I changed into the new outfit as per your request. I would be most grateful were you to offer me words of praise Master.	No matter what clothing I wear I am still your maid and live only to fulfill your expectations my honourable Master.
Every single maid dreams of being able to stand beside her master in such a dress... Please forgive me for my presumptuousness...	This dress seems ill-suited for combat... but since it is your wish Master I shall humbly carry out your will.
This necklaces suits me well...? Thank you for praising this unworthy maid my honourable Master.	Oh my Master who has intoxicated me with passions so it is an honour to have been chosen as your dance partner.
There is no greater happiness than your safe return Master. Would you like to gather everyone to have tea?	Whether it's under the swirling lights of the ballroom stage or in the smoke and explosions of the battlefield there will never be anything more radiant than you in my eyes. My honourable Master please allow me to gaze upon you and be at your side always...
I've received ample advice from my colleagues in the Maid Team regarding swimwear etiquette. My honourable Master are you pleased with my appearance?	No matter where we are I shall do my utmost to keep you safe. My honourable Master simply enjoy yourself however you please.
Worry not for I have come prepared for every occasion. Food drinks magazines sunscreen contingency combat armaments life-saving equipment and... a cat? Why are you here? ...Oh umm I was just talking to myself!	My honourable Master why are you staring at me so intently? Did this humble maid err somewhere?! ...I'm overthinking things...?
Swimming? If... if you wouldn't mind teaching me... Um sorry a lowly maid has no right to request your valuable time...	My honourable Master are you tired? Something to rest on...? ...Um if you wouldn't mind then... feel free to use my body...!
My honourable Master allow me to protect you from the sun.	Understood. If you would like to see me in a bikini then... Is is that so? I'm terribly sorry... I prematurely jumped to conclusions yet again.
I have heard it is part of a maid's duties to dress to her honourable Master's liking over the holidays. Would this outfit happen to... satisfy the honourable Master's wishes?	Happy Lunar New Year honourable Master. I have made a cup of tea for you.
I made some Dragon Empery dishes however they turned out quite... Pl-Please do not be concerned! *This* year I vow to make delectable food that shall suit the honourable Master's palate!	My honourable Master if you'll forgive my asking have you eaten any unusually shaped unstuffed gyoza? ...P-Pardon me I was merely wondering...
This naughty maid is deeply obliged to have the privilege of spending the holidays with her honourable Master.	My perceptive Master would there happen to be dust clinging to my dress...?
If you wish me to service you in these Dragon Empery garments then... Oh my apologies! I've made yet another careless assumption...	My outfit is unsafe to wear in windy weather? Are you concerned with my wellbeing and would not want me catching a cold? Oh honourable Master your thoughtfulness humbles me!
There are very few restrictions to what you can do in kickboxing. However it's not very useful in naval combat... so that's why it's just a hobby.	I want to spar with the battleships. They all seem strong.
Eat my... roundhouse kick!	Using missions to test your worth? I like that idea.
The feeling of testing my abilities is far better than any reward.	New mail? I'll get it for you. Give me 10 no 8 seconds.
Here's a towel. Use it to wipe off your sweat.	Thank you. My body feels lighter.
Let's get warmed up!	Hmm not bad.
Well that's awkward...	Dodge this if you can!
Should've worked out harder...	Do whatever you want. I'm going back to training. See you.
My Valentine's chocolate for you. Look it's not Halloween and I'm not a delivery witch right now; this is my gift to you not somebody else's.	I screwed up last year because I had no idea what I was doing. This time it went much better after I took to viewing chocolate-making as a form of training. I haven't tasted it myself since the sugar would affect my workouts... Is it any good?
It wasn't easy to strike a balance between taste and caloric content while making it easy for the body to efficiently convert it into energy. At any rate this chocolate is the fruit of my Valentine's research! It's not overly sweet and it's got a lot of bang for your buck.	Let's use this jack-o-lantern to decorate your office. I'm putting it right here.
I can help everyone out and get some training in at the same time. This is the kind of work that I like.	Rumors of wasabi-flavored candy? Never heard of it. I'm just the delivery witch.
Ghosts and monsters? If they exist line 'em up and I'll knock 'em down.	My broom? Who needs to fly when you can just run faster.
Is there anything you'd like me to deliver?	...! Witch uppercut!
Candy? Forget it eating too much of that junk will just erase all your gains... Fine just one...	Splendid – you're back Comrade! ...What's that noise you're hearing? Oh it's nothing! I'm just giving your office machinery some ingenious upgrades!
Dust is a mechanic's mortal enemy! But I have managed to prevent its spread by cleaning every nook and cranny of my workshop daily! My foresight is impeccable! Mwah-ha-ha-haah!	Strain your ears and listen closely! The rotations of the bearings the tension in the levers the rigging's rhythmic ticking! The beat of an enchanting machine!
Plastic? Absolutely NOT! Who in their right mind would make components out of a material with zero reliability compared to metal?!	Clean though your office may seem at a glance I can tell there is dust hidden all over! It's time to do some cleaning Comrade!
Don't be shy! Pet it to your heart's content! ...What? You weren't talking about my rigging?	Th-this is no way to treat a girl...!
Being a genius mechanic I of course made these safety goggles myself! They provide flawless eye protection while I'm building!	We've received new missions! Listen Comrade - they may look hard but that's no excuse to put them off!
Whew! That's that mission completed! All thanks to my peerless genius! Hah-ha-haah!	New mail has arrived! ...WHAAAT?! The parts I ordered are STILL in transit?!
Exemplary work everyone! Is anyone in need of rigging repairs by any chance? I'll fix and improve it so it works as good as new – guaranteed!	Commission supplies! Let's see what we have... Hmm this steel container looks strong... I could find some use for it! Hah-ha-haah!
Rigging upgrade: complete! My genius knows no bounds! Hah-hah-haah!	Now we shall all find out whose equipment is superior!
Ahh-ha-ha-haah! Dispatching you cretins was as easy as tightening a screw!	How come I've stopped moving?! Come on rigging! Why aren't you working?!
Prepare to be blown away!	Th-th-this is mechanically impossible!
Others can fix your machines when they break but only you can make up for the mistakes you've made Comrade!	In contrast to the beauty of Mother Nature the beauty of machinery lies in its unique status as the culmination of millennia of humanity's technological development! That is why I'm so in love with it all!
Hmgh! Hurmph! ...What am I up to? Working on my rigging obviously. Don't worry about the parts rough around the edges – I'll just sandpaper those down later! Ahh-ha-ha-haah!	Would you be interested in building a small device Comrade? I don't mean rigging repair tools I mean something practical you yourself could use! Of course you'll have a genius to teach you every step of the process!
It's true I talk about machinery all day and yes I build and tinker day in and day out but that doesn't mean I'm a mechaphile or that I want to date a robot... Y-you see what I'm getting at right?!	My prediction was spot-on – I knew you'd make the first move! Heheheh! I love you too Comrade! One might say... My love for you is as strong as the hardest steel! ...Maybe that analogy doesn't make sense but you know what I'm trying to say! Hahahah!
"Let's see... Top with a normal amount of powdered sugar? How much is ""a normal amount""?! I guess this will do! ...Comrade I just finished your Valentine's chocolate! Savor this mechanic's genius given chocolatey form! Ahh-ha-ha-haah!"	Welcome back Comrade! Oh mind your step around the components on the floor! Without really thinking I turned your office into a second workshop. Hah-ha-ha-haah!
WHAT?! Dust is upon us! Comrade open the window at once! Or else your screens will be ruined!	The grinding of gears the whizzing of a propeller the ringing that tickles my heart... Whuh?! Hey! What are you touching me for Comrade?!
Another one of plastic's shortcomings is the difficulty in fixing it. How so? Well if I were to WHACK it it would simply break – unlike metal.	Comrade! What are your thoughts on the Soobrazitelny-brand Automatic Door Closer? Now you'll never need to close the door manually again! I'll fix the frame damage caused during installation later!
Whereas metal is tough and sleek your touch is soft and calming.	Fweh?!
We have new missions! Comrade! With me by your side you have nothing to fear!	With your commanding and my ingenuity we could finish these missions with our eyes closed!
Allow me to fix up your escort ship Comrade! While I'm at it do you want any new additions? Like a massage chair for instance.	Brutes like you deserve brutish answers – punches!
Success! Hoh-ha-ha-hah! Victory for the galaxy-brained mechanic!	You needn't worry Comrade! I may be obsessed with machinery but I could never forget about you my dear lover! On that note why don't we go on a date to that toy store which opened just today? It supposedly has tons of mechanical toys on offer!
Yes these data and results are quite interesting... Though they mean nothing to me! I am a genius mechanic not an analyst! Ahh-ha-ha-haah!	Nuoooo! I spilled your cup of coffee Comrade! This is bad! Terrible even!
Quite the useful fish tank we have here... Or is it technically an aquarium? I confuse the two sometimes...	This outfit makes me look both intelligent and sexy at the same time. What an ingenious combination! Mwah-ha-ha-haah!
The screen went black again! So be it... Hurmph! Owwww! I forgot I'm not wearing my regular gloves!	Has anything got you stumped? I can give you a lesson – assuming it's within my sphere!
Mhaahh I-I told you I won't do anything crazy!	Welcome back hun~ Could you give me a hand with this experiment? ......That cold stare of yours is hurting my feelings.
Go forth my Mechajuu minions!	Time to gather data! ...Um what exactly am I meant to do?
If this data can be of some use to you...	Take your missions seriously! Don't get distracted so easily.
You...! Do you want me to cut off your hands?	Please complete the missions as soon as possible.
Here is the mission reward list. Please double-check that you have received everything.	You have a mountain of paperwork to sort through but you should get some rest first...
The commission team has returned to port on time. Inspecting results.	I shall repay you with my actions.
I had hoped to avoid meaningless battles...	Do not make light of an elite aircraft carrier.
Impatience is unbecoming. We must reflect on our mistakes upon returning.	Pig! Deer! Butterfly!
Please do your work.	My past? There isn't much worth mentioning but if you're interested I can tell you while we play...
We started with Hanafuda and shall continue with Hanafuda. If you win the next round I shall do anything you ask.	Have you finished your work? If not please redouble your efforts.
You were spacing out again weren't you? Heh you can't hide anything from me.	Hiryuu hasn't been her usual self recently. I wonder what's amiss? It's making me worried...
Are you tired? In that case please take a break. I shall handle the remaining work.	... Judgment shall be exacted upon you when work is over. Prepare yourself.
Even though it's the New Year there is still no shortage of work left to do.	Teaching the children how to write New Years' cards is unexpectedly fun. Just reading their innocent thoughts is enough to heal me.
That's why I've been saying... even though it's the New Year you can't afford to take it too easy.	I am Souryuu of the Morals Committee. Our goal is to maintain public decency increase student motivation and... *Ahem*! Anyway please allow me to oversee the school's moral codes!
I think Hiryuu is in her rebellious age... She won't wear the clothes I picked out for her and she won't walk to school with me... As her sister it's making me feel a little bummed out.	I may be in the Morals Committee but that doesn't mean I want to become a fusspot.
Please don't joke like that. My disciplined respectful dependable good-mannered and very well-raised little sister would never end up as a dirty delinquent!	Hiryuu's in her rebellious age... *Sigh*... Perhaps it's best to leave her alone for a while...
I have my planes monitoring every nook and cranny of the school. I recommend you don't do anything that would oppose school conduct.	I've been talking to Hiryuu less yet her mood hasn't improved at all... S-she's not going to run away from home is she?!
All planes prepare for takeoff! No wait prepare to strike!	She welcomed back the commission team just like always... She is at the point of her life where she wants to spread her wings and be free...
I'm ready to move out anytime.	If this is what you want to do...
The commission teams are back... If it is necessary send me off as well.	My shields have become stronger
Come at me with all you got!	This is your stop!
I won't hold back now...!	... I shall follow your orders.
Here's a Valentine's present. I'm uh grateful as always. And I... how should I put this... h-hope we can stay together like this... (Blushes)	Happy Valentine's. I made you this chocolate. What? Is there something on my face...? Sorry it might be a splotch of chocolate... Could you umm... take care of that... for me?
"Finally got you. This cat swiped the chocolate I was planning to give you and ran off with it. Every time I get near you something strange ends up happening... This must be a message from ""fate."" Heh."	Massachusetts suggested I learn something useful that's unrelated to combat so I started playing the piano... It seemed impossible at first but after actually trying it I've developed a pretty good feel for it.
What song should I play for you today...	Aurora asked me to perform with her... I guess it can't hurt to try.
I can't get used to this flimsy dress. I'd rather wear my regular clothes...	My cat goes for the keyboard when I'm not playing... Do you want to practice the piano too kitty?
We can express so much through music. I suppose that's fitting for someone bad at expressing their feelings like I am.	Everyone's back safe and sound. Now I can resume practicing with peace of mind.
The maids would be running ragged right about now... I am terribly unsuited to that sort of work.	Honour guard? Bite your tongue! I am a Royal Knight under the command of King George V!
Are you tired? Well then let's lie down for a nap shall we?	I-I'm not a maid! ... Err rather you can't do that to a maid either!
A mission is it...? There's still a bit of time until the deadline. I think we can worry about it later... don't you? Hehehe.	The mission rewards came in! Now there's no rush but you'd better not forget to collect them.
Who's the letter from this time?	Must we go meet the commission team? Very well. Let's head straight back for a rest afterwards. Hehe~
I've grown stronger! But I do hope you won't increase my workload. Hehehe.	W-wait a tick! Don't go charging on ahead like that!
We have seized the day! Yaay!	Aieeee! L-let us beat a hasty retreat!
I do what I must!	Aieeee! Pl-please settle down!
It's not like everything needs to be done one hundred percent perfectly all the time. Just take it easy. It's good enough for government work. You need to cut loose more often.	You enjoyed my cooking? Hooray! I asked Sheffield to give me some pointers and put my heart and soul into it. Ehehe.
What's wrong? I'm perfectly capable of working without slacking off if it's for your sake~	I-I guess it's fine... You did give me a ring...
Wait the mission's... deadline is right in front of us?! There's no time left to procrastinate is there... Oh no...	It's time to greet the commission team right? Let's stroll over leisurely just as Newcastle does.
I'm still a member of the Royal Knights you know!	A glorious victory befitting a member of the Royal Knights! Ehehe~
That one weird trick that I told you about earlier? It's going on a date with me! Ehehe I guess you get what I meant now? ...After you finish working? Fine I guess I have no other choice. I'll help you out a little bit!	Hello there~! Royal Knight Southampton is reporting for duty in a Sakura-style outfit! Hehe don't you have something to tell me about my new look like how cute it is? Come on don't be shy. Speak up~
Dressing up all Sakura style has me feeling like I want to listen to some Sakura music. Ehehe.	"I think this here is the ""Demon Breaker Arrow"" isn't it? Seems to be some kind of warding charm... brilliant!"
I find myself wanting to dive into all the girls' festivals now~ What delightful holiday do we have next? I'm so excited!	What do you say we do a bit of New Year's rearranging in the office here make it a little easier to faff abo... Ahem easier to polish off those official duties. Hehe.
Do you get how it feels to kick back and let loose to some heavenly music now? Ehehe.	I mean this is something all the Royal Maids can do. Even I've learned most of the skills necessary for being a maid.
I thought it'd be nice if we didn't have to play music live but Her Majesty demanded that we provide live music for her at the venue...	An encore? Alright. Here's a special song just for you~
Aha! I knew you'd be back right at this hour Comrade! Rossiya doubted my intuition.	If excellency is what you seek from the Sovetsky Soyuz class I am your best and only true option!
It's much more entertaining to lure your foes into a trap one at a time than to crush them all at once. Am I right?	Seems it's all quiet on the western front... Don't you have any palpitating news?
There is no greater pleasure than decimating your enemy with minimal losses. Wouldn't you agree?	Let me guess you are simply poking me for your own amusement and not because you need something done. Am I wrong?
You chose the most depraved of ways to prove you have guts Comrade.	Your little hand gestures have no effect on me.
Comrade sure we should not allow the glorious advance of our fleet to be delayed by such trifling missions.	Fantastic. With HQ's missions complete we can finally continue with our own plan.
A letter? I welcome correspondence assuming it is an enthralling read.	Do not be so lenient with the enemy next time Comrade.
Interested in a bet Comrade? Do you think the commission team has returned with bountiful rewards or few at all?	We will curb the enemy with our superior firepower! Hahaha!
Crush the enemy! Break their spirits then their bones!	This comes as no surprise. All I did was nudge those fools toward the annihilation they so desired.
Everyone makes mistakes I suppose...	Cease your pointless struggling!
The battle is still under our control!	I don't care. You are absolutely nothing to me. Just stay out of my way.
How about a bet Comrade? Do you think your job will only be accomplished thanks to my help or regardless of it?	Oh so you don't mind losing a bet if it means you get my help? I see. Well regardless it doesn't matter who wins a bet made on the spur of the moment. Now what do you need assistance with Comrade?
If you ever tire of managing the fleet and planning battles I will take over for you. You can rest easy knowing I will bring you good reports on the daily. Although knowing your devotion to your job I doubt you'd ever delegate it to get some rest.	You don't mince your words do you? I will say I do prefer a forthright confession of love over beating around the bush. Standing at the top of the world gazing at the horizon with you by my side – I like the sound of that. Ahahaha!
You hope this ring will forever connect me with you do you? Then I believe it will because I believe in you. Only you are capable of standing at the top of the world together with me. Do not let me down Comrade.	Impressive. You've received chocolate from all these people me included. Seems I had no reason to worry. Oh not about you getting chocolate at all but whether or not you'd get mine first... What? You were hoping to get mine first all along?
Why are you hiding over there Comrade? ...You were waiting for me to show up and hid so no one else could give you chocolate before me? Hahahah! That's exactly what I would do in your position. Great minds think alike!	You've come Comrade. As punctual as always.
That's checkmate. Hey hey throwing in the towel already? What you're making it seem like I'm bullying you or something~	The port sure is peaceful... just as it should be. Violence should have no place outside the battlefield.
Hey hey... I didn't call you here to make you all hot and bothered.	All right. After we finish these missions you should go back to pursuing your own ambitions.
Letters huh? Let's take a look... Wouldn't want to miss out on anything juicy.	There is no harm in prolonging the suffering of our foes but do not forget the reason why we are here Comrade.
What you wanna bet on whether or not our commission fleet is bringing back a big haul? Nah no need for that. We pretty much know the outcome already.	To pass the time by proactively reading or by passively enjoying the company of others... Ah good morning Comrade I've been expecting you. Hahaha!
Take it easy. There are many ways to kill time. Just pick one which feels sound.	What's your favorite book Comrade? I'm asking out of curiosity and to have something to recommend to Soyuz and Rossiya.
Anyone's life can be enriched by having many diverse interests. Even I enjoy the odd girly hobby or two.	Oh please don't toot your own horn Comrade. I know several destroyers who read advanced literature too.
I need to get up and move around a bit. My joints start aching if I sit down for too long.	What did my revealing outfit cause you a lapse of judgment?
I see you've all returned in one piece. Your reputation has further improved as a result.	There's no point in betting on a sure outcome! Onwards!
A report I submitted went missing? Pardon my negligence. I'll make it up so... please don't tell the others about this matter.	I hope that you can command from a global perspective. After all the responsibility on your shoulders is much greater than just that of an individual.
"When I was inspecting my rigging I noticed a few more screws than last time... Hm an unexpected ""increase in resource allocation?"" That's a good thing right?"	Your tactics are too conservative! As long as it has not been sunk it can repaired learned from strengthened and optimized... Continuing this cycle is the best way of fighting.
You want to deepen our camaraderie? Very good let us start by making a firm handshake part of our regular routine.	This is not polite behavior.
Hm? Something missing from the reward manifest...? It should be generally correct...	Rest. And tell me now of what glorious victory you have won or how you turn defeat to our advantage.
Military commissions? They are part of the logistical aspect of proper fleet management.	An excellent strengthening. The next one should be so good.
Kill confirmed. You cannot stop the Northern Parliament... You cannot stop our righteous liberation!	Gah how humiliating... to think a material defect would surface at a time like this...!
Blow them away!	It's not fatal damage...!
This negative attitude is unacceptable. You must be forcibly reeducated.	Your fleet must be an iron curtain... Hm it's a metaphorical expression... My meaning is that I hope to see this fleet stand united just like our Northern Parliament.
So long as I draw breath I labor to carry out my mission. Not only as a member of this fleet but also in service of the bonds you have forged... This is not a product of rational thinking alone but also a decision born of my subjective opinion.	This port has such abundance. That leaves me one core duty. I must bring emotional enrichment to your life.
I need only focus my attentions on battle? That is a reasonable decision... But does it mean my clerical skills did not pass muster?	"Is this what the Iris would call a ""breach of etiquette?"
"Situation normal in all sectors of the facility..."" Oh it is you. I was just giving Minsk the daily report. Do you have something?"	Facility inspection watch patrol and observations conducted in accordance with regulations. Everything running smoothly.
What is the most efficient way to dispose of... Ooh? I mean the refuse. Spare me that look of concern.	You find me more reliable than Gangut...? I am glad you see my value but I find that a very low bar to clear.
This is all in service of a greater cause. The girls have fully committed their labor. You need not trouble yourself.	Document classification protocols...? I was trying to find the required materials but seem to have created a bit of a mess in the process...
Now your hand... For today's handshake. I am not going to clap you in irons. Relax.	Hmph. Do you want to be handcuffed?
Freeze! Comply!	Unlike those Sakura Empire ships I don't bring any misfortune to my allies. Probably I hope
Helena your SG radar can't detect underwater threats.	Arizona even if you'll never forget what happened that day you shouldn't let it wear you down so much.
You get good luck if you touch me? I've never heard of that before.	This isn't something you should do outside Co-man-der~
New mail? It must be good news!	"Always remember: ""the feud chair is unpredictable"" Hmm I heard that from someone but who?"
Hmm... Okay I'll go greet the returning commission team with these clothes.	Luck comes and goes. You can't depend on in it forever.
Did you hear that? That was the sound of the Winds of Fortune!	Hehe~ That wasn't all thanks to luck.
Today is not my lucky day	Lucky Lou!
At least spare Helena...	Things might have gone differently at Kolombangara had Helena been there...
How I wish I could bring this chair with me on sorties... Helena could you help upgrade my rigging?	I am Lucky Lou. I may not look like it but I actually have experience with fortune-telling.
Oh do you mean I've put it on wrong? Have I really...?	You should drink a little something to warm yourself up before getting to work.
Not to say the Eagle Union's new year celebrations are lonesome but the Sakura Empire's and Dragon Empery definitely celebrate New Year's with more festivity. And I like festivities.	Are we heading out? Ahah then let me get out my umbrella. Hey come closer otherwise you'll get snow on your clothes.
Welcome back. I've put on the heater for you. Oh me? I'd like to stay here and enjoy the snow a little longer.	The view here is lovely~ Let's pull over for a moment to take in the winds of good luck.
Hehehe you thought I'd drive in these high heels? It's certainly not impossible but I'd rather use the other pair of shoes I have inside.	You want to use my car? You can of course but promise me one thing in return: take Honolulu on a nice trip.
You have an urgent mission? I'll wait another five minutes for you then.	Oh you went and claimed those mission rewards? You could've taken your time if you wanted. Hehehe~
Helena messaged me saying the party's starting soon. Check your mail then let's hurry on back to the venue.	Stanly has entered work mode! By the way it doesn't last very long.
What are you staring at? I'm not going to transform...	Self-defense mode activating... Bahaha you should've seen your face!
Sorry to disappoint but I don't have a hot and bothered mode.	I wish I had some mode that would let me skip the daily grind...
There's a news update! Don't say I didn't tell you!	Next time you're sending a commission let Stanly handle the escort duty!
Strengthening complete! I'm gonna reward myself to a little rest and relaxation!	Combat mode activate! Set sail!
Heheh! MVP belongs to me!	Crap gotta switch to retreat mode pronto!
Attack! Attack!	C-convert to defense mode!
Stanly is now operating in disappointment mode! Hmph!	Stanly's in happy mode today – I can take on any task with a spring in my step!
Stanly has entered Valentine mode! Hehehe if you want my chocolate you'll first have to play with me!	Valentine's mode activated! Haha! It's gonna stay on all day long if you don't come and play a game with me!
Stanly switched from Valentine's mode to high-effort mode! Using my knowledge gained through student mode I baked you this big batch of energy-boosting chocolate! It'll keep you going for a long while!	"Welcome to the circle of hell known as ""the office."" Relax I'll lend a hand if the cauldron gets too hot for you."
Dang you caught me spacing out at work. ...Oh? Maybe you didn't after all? Cool. I'll just get back to doing it then.	Hey how about a bit of jazz? Chill I'm just getting up to put a song on. I'm not gonna bail on you or anything.
You want some gum? 'Kay. Mint or orange flavor?	Whoa! Talk about a blunt-ass approach...
Okay now I think I get why some girls have headpat addictions.	Hey a new mission! Oh whoops... I guess we've both gotta actually do work now that I've said that.
Finished a mission huh? Cool then let's take ten to veg out.	Kind of curious who sent that unread letter on your desk.
Hum-hmmhm~ Oh welcome back.	A commission's been completed. Just throwing that out there before I forget.
Welp guess the Slacker Council has to disband for the day.	All right since I've gotta take this flagship thing seriously... Let 'em have it girls!
Cool beans. I wasn't trying to style on 'em but I'll take any commendations I'll get.	Crap. I went too easy on 'em...
Let's get this over with.	All right no more messing around...
Yeah no I'll find someplace less boring to hang out. Hit me up only if you've got business with me.	You need help with something? I've got a bazillion sisters why not try asking them first?
Hm? Why do I always just sit and stare when you take me in as the secretary? Becaaaause... you never explicitly ask for help? If you need something done just like tell me? I'm not the most attentive person in the universe so sorry for that.	It's gonna be so tiring dealing with the responsibilities that come with getting hitched... Just saying that's all. Hehe I can handle a bit of fatigue as long as I've got you sweetheart.
Welcome to the Paradise known as Valentine's Day~ Hmm? You still don't get it? Fine I'll explain– Eat this chocolate and you'll ascend to Heaven. Just kidding. But getting to roll around doing nothing with me all day might as well be Heaven right? Ehehe~	So you enjoying your slice of Heaven? Nice. Despite my image as an underachiever I worked pretty hard on this chocolate. Once you've had your fill... it's time to head off to dreamland
"Welcome back to the little bit o' heaven known as ""the office."" Of course heaven is wherever I am right?"	Got something you need from me? Sure just say the word and you got it. Not a whole lot going on anyway so maybe I'll do you a little favor~
Listening to music really puts you in that efficient state. Oh I was talking about gaming. I'm fallin' asleep over here at work anyway so what's the harm in enjoying some beats?	We've got new missions! Gotta do this stuff sooner or later so why not get it outta the way now?
Meh. Can't afford to let you down and all that jazz.	Heya. Wanna play a game? Mobile console or tabletop?
I've got bunny pajamas on top of a bunny girl costume. That's double the bunny right there.	Meowfficer plushes Manjuu hand puppets... I never realized how much weird stuff I've amassed over the years.
I invited Laffey over thinking she'd be fun to chill with. Turns out she's just a sleep junkie like Nicholas.	Yeah the place is a mess but I'm used to it. It's way too much work to tidy up so let's not.
You want a bubblegum kiss? Sure. I've got plenty of flavors you can choose from.	I'm starting to think this outfit is a bit too inviting...
It's only human to want to touch the bun I guess.	Oh there's that collector's edition I ordered. What to do with these stickers... Guess I'll put 'em somewhere.
Hurry up and come play in the snow with me!	Chang Chun and I were looking into a way to retrofit our naval guns into snowball launchers. Eh that's not allowed..?
During the winter you can have snowball fights build snowmen and wear fuzzy clothing! Winter's the best!	Do you like playing with snowballs too?
Now I'm angry! Take this! And this! And this!	Geh you meanie! You're gonna make my hat come off!
Your mail's here! Catch~! ...Eh I'm not allowed to throw it...?	My sisters said that I'm not allowed to drink vodka because that stuff melts snowballs or something... Uhh somehow that doesn't sound quite right...
I'll go greet the friends coming back from their commission! ...I'm not going to throw snowballs at them!	Snowball fight or gunfight I feel like I can't lose!
Stremitelny setting sail!	Ehhhhh?! How could I lose?!
Behold my might!	I hate airplanes! Shoo go away!
I hate you! Stay away! One step closer and I'm gonna pummel you with snowballs!	My snowballs are gentle! There are no rocks or bits of ice inside only softness!
Hauuu... My face is burning hot like I'm gonna melt for real! But... if I can melt right into your heart like this... that wouldn't be half bad. Ehehe~	Here! Valentine's chocolate from your favorite snow lover! I've heard when the winter snow melts it gives way to chocolate but is that true? It is?! Can I eat it too?
Whew I'm tired! I'm gonna put on my sleep mask and catch some z's! ...Dang not happening?	Rekordny! An Shan! I know you've got games in your room! You can try to hide your power level but you're also a gamer aren't you?
I learned a ton of gaming trivia from Pamiat Merkuria!	O-one more round! If you win this one then I'll get up and do work!
*yaaawn*... Hm? What time is it? Eh guess I'll boot up the console and play something... Wait no! I've gotta get eady for work!	The commission team's back. Uh-huh... Okay okay! I'll do it next time I promise just go and greet them this time for me! Please!
My post-retrofit performance is very impressive!	My greatest accomplishments were done just watching the waves like this.
Don't look at me like that I've been to plenty of places before!	Now I can protect myself even if I get lost again!
The enemies look quite strong...	That cloud looks like a.... Oh? We won?
*Cries*... If only I had paid more attention...	What a beautiful seagull...
... The sky is so blue...	Reconnaissance is a very important task! Huh I'm losing focus? W-what are you saying? I'm just o-observing the weather...
My big sisters are so strong if only I could be of more help to them... Huh? I'm doing a good job as well? Hehehe... I received a compliment~	Oh? It's Valentine's Day? I must give you a present... Here I'll leave some chocolate with you. So will you overlook me slacki— I mean gazing at the clouds just for today?
Here's what I know you've been waiting for – white fluffy Valentine's chocolate~ I made you an entire week's worth as apologies for keeping you in suspense last year. What's the best-before date? Um I believe about 3 days? Oh dear that's a mistake on my part...	Watching the white fluffy clouds makes you hungry doesn't it? ...Hm? What about my chocolate? Heehee~ I was waiting for you to ask. Wait right here I'll be right back with it
Whew... At long last after all that hard work I get to wear this uniform as well. Even though all I did was... Huh? Lead by example? Be a role model? I don't get it...	Now I can do more than ever before!
This skirt is so long.... One of these days I'll space out and trip on it....	You appointed me as your secretary because you were so enamored with my gorgeous body weren't you? Spot on aren't I~? Don't be so shy I won't get upset with you~
Eat a lot sleep a lot fight a lot! And everything else is your responsibility I think I can dig this way of life~	Okay let's see what rewards we got today!
Ooh! I found something nice amongst the rewards	They're just slightly bigger targets! On y va!
Winning makes me sleepy somehow...	Aren't we practically made for each other? It's not every day you find people as closely in synch as we are~ Say isn't it time we become a couple now?
So you wanna chain Surcouf to your side with this ring? Jeez aren't you greedy~ But since it's you... I might be fine with it	Heheh! I've called dibs on you for the whole day today! So this is where we'll go and this here's the route we'll take. And don't worry we'll be back before anyone starts worrying~
This scooter really is fantastic! A good buy for a good price~ Lucky me	My twin-gun turrets are also on vacation today! Gotta work hard and play hard!
Uhh I don't think I'll bring the puppy with me next time... He's way too jumpy and almost even fell off the scooter once...	Sure I go in the water all the time since I'm a submarine but it's nice to just relax by the beach every now and then! *yaaaawn*... A girl needs her vacation time you know~
You're head over heels for my gorgeous body aren't you? Heheh stare all you want because I don't mind	Welcome back Comma– Whuah! Geesh that last wave was huge! You could've warned me that it was coming! Hmph!
Let's focus our attention on our work today. Don't be afraid to ask for my help should you need it.	I've noticed those Priority ships are strikingly individualis– Pardon I mean they have striking personalities. Not that I'm jealous or anything of the sort.
I believe I'm better suited for a desk job where I can analyze data and draft new plans. The reason being my strengths lie in quickly reading memorizing and writing documents.	Reckless hotheads and I don't get along particularly well. So I've learned first-hand through bad experiences with a certain someone... That is not to say I hate those kinds of people however.
I'm deeply grateful that you've elected me as your secretary. However I would absolutely welcome the addition of more people to the office as we're rather short-staffed with just me here.	I'm not a fan of battling but if anyone picks a fight with me then a fight they'll get. We were made to wage war and so that is our responsibility.
Life is so peaceful at this port. For that we can thank the many girls here who I don't hold as much as a candle to.	Whuah?! What are you doing...?!
I hope my horns were left alone... Phew they were... Err no! Never mind I said anything!	I've brought the mission rewards with me. Phew...
It appears you have new mail. I'll confirm it on your behalf.	Nicely done out there. Please don't mind me go ahead and take some time to relax.
The commission team has returned. Shall we set out to greet them?	It's meaningless to fight if you cannot win. As such a few enhancements may prove necessary.
The Suruga Fleet w-will not disappoint...!	Fools! I've– I mean we've won!
Whatever it's done and over now... Look I don't want everyone to see this!	I'm gonna smash you to pieces!
Oh for crying out loud! Just my luck!	*Sigh*... I set myself up for disappointment by expecting any decent treatment... Can I at least ask you to not go too hard on me?
P-please! Offer your concern to other girls instead of me! You really don't need to constantly check how I'm doing just because I'm serving as your secretary!	Look I do appreciate your concern but you saying that in front of everyone is embarrassing! Could you not put me on the spot like that again? That'd be great!
Too much work to process? We all know what a tough job it is to command a fleet. So please let me give you some assistance.	I don't mind fading into the background when I'm with my friends but when I'm with you I want everyone to see it. Heheh in a friendly way of course.
Once the war has ended then we can discuss everything we'll do once the war ends. For now we must focus all our efforts on fighting to eventually achieve peace.	Hahah I know how much you enjoy doing lewd things like this.
Headpats headpatty pat patty patty head heady heady pat pat~ Ahahah!	Let's see here... I think you should review these missions.
Welcome back. As much as I want you to be successful I'm just as happy with everything staying the way it is.	I don't want to do this... but you leave me no choice!
You know everything about me from my horns to my personality. Since we're so intimate I suppose it's needless to tell you... Actually there's one thing I want to tell you: I will NOT go along with your flirting when we're in the office!	I always end up oversleeping on the day after the holiday's over... *Sigh*... Me dropping the ball when it really matters is not funny at all.
"Treasure every moment of peace you get"" as someone once said. We're only simple ""people"" after all."	Y-you don't need to stare at me...
I owe my thanks to the girls who prepared this outfit for me. It'll help me get through the holidays without personally standing out. ...It'll have the opposite effect? Huh?!	Oh. Fancy meeting you here... Walk to school together? Uh sure! I know the way so please just follow me.
If you need my help please inform me. For what it's worth paperwork is one of my strong suits.	Stupid Shimakaze... Why hasn't she showed up? She's the one who asked me for supplemental lessons...
You should probably not drink on the clock. You're meeting with Kii later today remember?	I'm a study machine when tests are coming up. Hehehe~ Also did you know? It's harder to get all questions wrong than to get them all right.
I'll draw unwanted attention if I do too good so I should get this question wrong on purp– Err nope I didn't say anything!	A-at least give me a heads-up first!
You've got mail. Maybe next time I'll get Shimakaze to deliver it to you.	It's good to see you again. Now if you'll excuse me I have reports to read through.
Yeah! That's proof my strength means something!	I've left your present under the tree... Did you prepare a present for me as well?
Where's Kii gone off to? Actually knowing her she's spending Christmas drinking with her friends and having a great time. Me I have better things to do than get drunk! Hehe.	Shimakaze! Go get all the destroyers' presents and leave them under the tree!
After a year of hard work Christmas is finally upon us! And soon it'll be New Year's too! Whew.	Would you like an oversized sock? You can use it when you want a bigger present. Hehe.
No sneak-peeking at what's inside!	Try to keep an eye out so our presents don't get lost amid all the rewards.
No problem with work preparations? Don't wait until you find out that something is missing.	Shropshire's personality is also really troublesome though that girl is the type that won't let herself suffer just let her go.
For some people saying kind words is only hurting them. When it is time to be strict one must be strict.	If you have time to look at me why not do more work after it's done you can stare as long as you want.
If you are tired please rest I do not want to make you hang on stubbornly I just hope that you work hard when you should do so.	You should think of the most efficient way to accomplish the mission before proceeding you didn't forget to right?
Don't forget to check your mail.	Although there are many things to report but first of all good work.
Thank you I will work hard in the coming battles.	With the goal of not embarrassing the fleet let us go fight.
Don't think just winning is sufficient. There's still room for improvement.	Don't be sad it's my fault for not being a good captain.
Steadily and surely!	Everyone pull back the formation!
Big sis is just too easygoing spoiling you into this kind of person.	I just can't bear looking at big sis's attitude of being nice to everyone.
Big sis is willing to put in effort for anybody even if it's someone undeserving..... Hm? I'm not talking about you... Are you saying that you think you're that type of person?	"The thing is when I tell her about this she will just smilingly rub my head and say ""Thank you Sussex though it's no problem for me"" before continuing on like that. How awful just thinking about it makes me angry."
Of course you're worthy of big sis's dedication though it's still not enough. You must be even better until I can't even move my eyes away from you..... sigh why is it me? Ah.	In the beginning I was strict because I just wanted to reduce big sis's burden though slowly.... slowly i started to hope that you would become the best person in my heart. Right now you've already become that person.
Sister feels that the swimsuit is too revealing so doesn't like to wear at all. Hah... I occasionally will feel that Sister should learn a bit about the daring of Shropshire.	Mm? Nothing much when at the beach you can do whatever you want to do I don't care. But I just don't know why seeing that face of yours makes me a little angry.
You... really doesn't have much of a memory huh...	Missions? I'll accompany you then... What I haven't forgotten my duty as the secretary ship!
These ice-creams are... did you buy them? Um... Thanks...	Why are you staring at me all this time? My outfit isn't that different as compared to the rest... Y-You have other people to welcome right? Honestly...
There isn't issues with progress at work right? If we keep on dilly-dallying here you definitely will need to work over-time!	Sister London is... whew looks like I don't need to worry. Forget it as it's London sister I don't need to worry at all right?
R-Right now as we aren't in a mission or in battle relaxing a little is fine... No we have to focus and take part in the ball too!	We can't lose to the other factions everyone - go for it!
Welcome back! ...Got any new jobs? I'm down for anything!	When my friends are counting on me I can feel power surging within me that makes me feel like I can do anything!
"The invincible Suzutsuki is here! Your attacks shall not put a scratch on me!"" How'd that sound? Hya hah!"	Look fluffy and super pattable right? ...Hey I'm talking about Pooky not my ears!
A tough mission huh? Lemme take a look maybe I can help out!	Huh? The envelope got torn? ...Ahaha... Sorry 'bout that must've been Pooky...
The commission fleet has returned! Lemme take home the extras!	Give me more power so that I may protect everyone!
May the odds ever be in your favor! Go forth!	The enemy general's head is mine~! Just kidding ahaha~
Guh... No matter what we all have to make it back safely...!	Suzutsuki defending her friends!
The real fight's only getting started!	"I may come across as a braggart but that's because I'm pretty reliable! ""Oh Suzutsuki you saved me! I don't know what I would've done without you!"" Yeah I get that a lot~"
Welcome back! Wanna make out instead of doing work today? Haha just kidding~ ......Eh you serious?!	Lady Mutsu this is what you do with the sword... and this is how you wave the flag... Got it? Now you have everything you need for our mock Sengoku battles!
Mission complete! As for my payment just let me to lie in your lap for a bit!	I'm pretty refreshing and cool right? Just like my name suggests~
Pooky likes coming to the sea as well isn't that right~? Ah careful not to fall into the water!	Not enough people for a game of beach volleyball? All right! I'll go play some watermelon splitting with Georgia first!
Phew... Playing by the beach is super fun but after all the commotion I could use some relaxation... Yup I'm gonna lie down right here! Mm... Yeah just stay put like that. Hehe~	I Akizuki-class destroyer Suzutsuki shall not allow you to pass through these arches! Hwuh?! I missed the return again...!
These markings are the proof of my battle scars as a warrior... they're not just doodles! Ugh... I swear I'll be back for revenge after I train some more!	Aaahhhhh!! Jean Bart you don't have to shank every shuttlecock out of existence!
I can't sit still during the New Year! After all there are so many things going on that only happen during this time of year!	Suzutsuki now reading the contents of your mail out loud!
The girls from the commission fleet are back! Darn it I wish Hatsushimo could come with me!	You ready Pooky? Let's— go!
Kumano please don't make trouble for Mogami all right? She's going to get a stomachache again...	We're sometimes called the Suzuya class but I still prefer being called the Mogami class. We all fought together during that war after all..
Nnh... So this is what you were after from the very beginning... I knew it all along. I've always known this entire time... Ehehehe~	I've arranged the status of our current missions. Please look over them.
The mission rewards have arrived. That is good news.	We must apply what we've learned to future battles. Shall I prioritize writing the report first?
The commission team has returned to port. What's next? Shall I go with you to greet them?	My abilities have been enhanced. Well done.
I won't run away again... I swear it!	Congratulations. Eh I'm the MVP...? Th-thank you very much...
Ugh... I guess that's it...	It's time to get serious...!
As if this... would be enough to make me turn back!	Mogami may often fail to recognize her own worth but more and more people are starting to see how little you're worth.
Would you like to learn more about the Mogami class? Very well I'll be glad to explain everything from the top. Which one of us would you like to hear about first?	You're... most interested in Suzuya? Of course I'd be glad to give you the details... but just explaining things wouldn't be enough right...?
...There's no point hiding it. I already know how you feel about me. Just shut up and... give in to your feelings already!	Good morning. Here is your work for the day... *Sigh*...
Um sorry I made such a mess... Sheffield tried to teach me how to clean but I'm a lot worse at it than I expected... Ahaha...	As your secretary ship I am responsibile for everything in all of the reports.
Excellent work. I've prepared a report for you. Take a moment to look it over.	Swiftsure swiftly and surely everyone is counting on you...!
All ships forward...! Form up on me!	Um I... really tried...
Sorry. If only I had tried harder...	Get the timing right... I should be able to do this!
I have to get the others to safety at least...!	Fiji is always telling me to smile more. Is she right? Oh... Sorry I must be boring you with this...
I try and try but my chocolate never comes out as good as the Royal Maids'... Even so I will keep doing the best I can as long as you're happy with my efforts. I may disappoint you sometimes but– You know what I shouldn't be getting moody over a little chocolate. Sorry. Ahahah...	Good morning. Here is the outline for today's course. Please make sure to review it.
While I have served as a flagship before that has nothing to do with what's going on now. I have to be humble and learn from everyone.	I often see Edinburgh in the library. She's always grumbling about what's going on in the maid team or something...
I look cute when wearing glasses...? Err... Um that wasn't my intention...	I agreed to try on this outfit but... I know these fancy outfits don't suit me... H-huh I look gorgeous?! ...Thank you very much. Even if you're just trying to make me feel better I appreciate it...
Hmm what should we do next? Why don't we see if there's anyone who needs help...? Just sitting here idly somehow doesn't feel quite right...	Um are you redecorating the office? Do you need me to help?
I got some red envelopes as gifts from my seniors in the fleet. Ahaha... I'm not sure how I feel about this...	If you're cold please... feel free to use my shawl.
So I need to put this headband on... I wonder what kind of hairstyle would be good? Um let's tie my hair up like this... Actually maybe twintails would be better instead?	Everyone acts much more freely when they're at the beach. Do you think I should do the same? A-Alright I'll give it a try... Y-Yo!
Um... This outfit really is quite embarrassing...	You're astonishingly late. Did you want me to discipline you that badly?
Focus on your work. What you need a break? If you've got the energy to complain you've got the energy to work.	What do you need? Don't even think about making me do grunt work just because I'm your secretary.
A letter has come in. I wonder who sent it...	Good work out there. Keep it up.
Your job now is to go and show your gratitude to the returning commission team. Do it well and in a timely fashion.	Just as it should be.
Use your head before ordering me around. If you can't even do that much then I won't lift a finger for you.	Don't like my scoldings? Then do better! You're not about to tell me you actually ENJOY being scolded I hope.
I'm surprised you've actually taken my scoldings to heart. Hehe hahaha... Since you like it when I tell you what to do I'll be more exact from now on.	Hats off to you for clocking in on time. See? You can do it if you just try. Hehehe.
If you've got time to make excuses you've got time to do your job.	Do your job well and you'll be rewarded. Use your head and think up something good then I'll see what I can do. Hehehe~
You're in need of some guidance aren't you?	Hehehe. You know what? I'll let you have your fun for once.
Do you really think this is all it takes to satisfy everyone? Exactly. Let that annoyance motivate you to do better.	Make yourself at home. I don't like being uptight all the time.
You have to live up to everyone's expectations and keep going no matter how tough things get. I'll be there to make sure you do.	I suppose now's a good time for a nap...
Good work out there. Get some rest you've earned it.	You're cutting it very close here. Five minutes early to everything – that's something you should practice.
Always work at flank speed – the momentum you build up will keep you going. If you ever forget that I'll remind you as many times as it takes.	What is it? I already told you – you're not ready to be a phone operator.
Huh...?! Now you're really asking for it...	You've completed a mission now go claim your rewards. Chop-chop we're on the clock here.
Wow you solved that one quick. Keep it up.	I'm right here if you need me.
Midway? I believe we won that battle... O-or am I wrong again?!	Hamakaze-chan you need to ease up a little! Pokey-poke~
Y-Yukikaze's coming here? W-we should be able to get along... Hopefully...	Please don't poke anything but my cheek!
The winds have brought you new mail.	Wah! Welcome back!
It's really windy today...	Destroyer Division 17 setting sail! Huh? Did I get something wrong...?
What could I have done better...	Now's it's my turn!
It's you... *Stares angrily*	Usually valley winds are only there during noon but I'm always here!
Hehe~ You're wide open for attack! Poke~	I really wonder... What might Urakaze-chan and Isokaze-chan be doing right now...
Wah! This time I'll poke you in return! Poke! Poke poke~!	The butterfly flew... Huh? Where did it...? Hamakaze? Hamakaze?! Huh? Where are Urakaze and Isokaze? Where did...? We said we'd all go to the beach so where did they go...?
Ugh... I want to invite Yukikaze but... she's hard to approach...	We're going to the beach... so Isokaze shouldn't ask me to play warring states with her hopefully...
Are my sisters over there?	Ugh... I was just trying to get to the beach...
How's this? I'd say the place looks much cleaner now. Uh-oh... the bucket! ...Aww! I suppose I have more cleaning to do...	W-welcome...! I'm practicing my waitress skills for when I have to do it for real! Thinking about it is a bit nerve-wracking...
Having a vacuum-cleaning robot sure is convenient. Maybe I can go help Hamakaze with all the time it's freed up...	I just realized... I've never given the little cutie that's always sitting on my head a name have I...?
Oh you'll lend me a hand? Okay then you can take my broom.	Eek! You almost made me knock over my bucket! Stop that!
The motherly Dunkerque the elegant Algérie and Lady Richelieu... They all represent the pinnacles of womanhood. I must strive to be more like them.	Vauquelin about the donuts last time... Oh you already heard about that? ...Sorry I must have gotten lost in my thoughts again...
Vauquelin is really athletic. Getting tired from exercising resting and getting hungry... Oh sorry I started thinking about Dunkerque's sweets...	According to the book Vauquelin recommended me what I should do in this situation is... gather the evidence and... detain the offender?
How should we spend the rewards from last time... Oh we have new missions?	Mission complete. Should I arrange the report based upon priority completion time payout or... Mmm...
I feel like... I've become stronger.	Focus focus...!
......Oh sorry who got MVP again? Oh it was me?	Hmm... I knew I should have aimed a bit more to the left on that last shot... Oh I'm sorry... I should be retreating right now...!
The right thing to do in this situation is... this!	...Eep! I've got to stay focused...
Listen up me if I keep overthinking everything I won't notice what's going on around me... and then won't be able to become a mature and compassionate woman...	Nowadays when I think about you I end up even deeper in thought than ever... Ah! I'm so sorry... Just now I...
...Oh sorry. I got lost in my own thoughts worrying if Vauquelin had already given you chocolate and giving you mine would make it weird for you... Assuming that's not the case here you go.	...Eek! Ah I'm sorry I got too absorbed into thinking about you...
Who's the MVP? Um... Why's everyone looking at me...?	It's fine to always be thinking about you? In that case....... Huh? Didn't you just say it was fine...? I sometimes feel like I could just daydream about you forever...
The book I last read took place on the beach if I remember properly... It was a murder mystery on the beach right?	McCall from the Eagle Union and Suffolk from the Royal Navy seem to get along really well. The two of them are pretty funny hehe.
Vauquelin I'm not going into the water. I'll just spend a nice peaceful day on the beach like this.	I won't get washed away...!
I could really go for one of Dunkerque's donuts right about now...	You can look all you want. Just don't forget about your job.
I totally cannot comprehend why you're so easygoing...	The secret to getting a better figure?... Cease with such jokes.
Mm... 'Cute' doesn't quite fit me.	I'm not a 'Clear' target like in a game!
Hurry and take care of the missions will you?	When is the next sortie?
The commission team is back? Allow me to show how they should really be handled.	Like a full score and then some... Not bad.
March through the gates of hell! May our image be burned into the eyes of our enemies!	This kind of battle is quite good
Yes. Yes! This is the kind of challenge I'm looking for!	Witness true firepower!
You really are helpless...	My motto is 'survival of the fittest'
You're looking good these days. Hmm? Ah not to worry. I've always stuck around with you. I don't want all the training to be in vain after all.	I'm used to your pace now after all this time. I've yet to get used to staying in a room all day... If anything happens to me because of this it's all on you. Don't tell me you're gonna dodge the issue.
If I take this it means I'm yours forever? Fine but on one condition; I want none of that 'You'll get hurt if you're in the battlefield' crap. I need some action every now and then!	I know that look. You're bracing for something unexpected am I right? Heheh perfect. Giving you that impression was exactly my goal! Oh and if you think I didn't bring chocolate think again. 'Cause that's one thing you can take for granted.
Hm I'm glad to see that you're as chipper as ever. Keep it up.	All troubles that occur either have a reason or a trigger. Unless there are innocents tangled up in the problem it's best to lay low and wait.
Be more confident with your opinions and openly state your opinions. If anyone dares to boo you down I'll teach them something about manners.	Mm... I'll have to disagree on this. Of course your word goes but would you mind hearing my thoughts out first?
What's wrong? Got something against being watched? Ahaha you don't have to be all tense. I wasn't keeping watch over you I just wanted to observe your response.	The things I tell you are merely suggestions to you. Ultimately you call the shots here.
Hmph! This is payback for your insolent behavior. There's no need for me to continue being a doormat for you.	Mission complete. I'll let you decide who you want to send to pick up the rewards.
Here's some mail. I'd like you to check on them as soon as possible... Later you say? Well I don't think there's anything urgent here so that sounds fine with me.	Good work out there. Will you take a break? Or are you planning on getting right back to another mission? Either way I'll be here for you.
The girls have returned from their commissions. I'm sure the morale of the girls at the port will go up if you go out and greet them personally.	Hmm. Much obliged.
Adequate preparation is half the battle.	Seems we've taken far less damage than I'd anticipated. How fortuitous.
I'll be back with some payback. Nobody likes to stay a loser.	This is it!
You're quite skilled but I won't fall that easily!	I'll serve my duties as your subordinate but don't expect me to be all smiles while doing so.
Nobody not even I can meddle with your thoughts. Of course due to our differences in standing values and information I may disagree with you from time to time. But I will never disparage your authority over me.	Maybe because we have good chemistry together but I feel very comfortable being around you whether for work or for personal matters. Even if we disagree on something we come to understand each other's positions very quickly. I hope we can continue getting along just as well as we have.
This kind of proposal works best when our feelings are reciprocal—basically we accept each other as partners. When we have differing opinions as long as we work together hand-in-hand we can overcome any obstacle that stands in our path! Ahaha!	I made you this chocolate to repay you for all you do. What do you think? Tell me your honest opinion on the taste even if it's not positive. Knowing what's good and what could be better is the first step to improving yourself.
Hm I'm glad to see that you're as chipper as ever. You look like you're ready to take on the world today.	I don't make any pointless remarks when you're making decisions. Previously it was because of my respect for you but now... it's because my heart can't help but trust in all you do.
I've collected a list of good locations for the two of us just as you directed me to... While I'm aware that this isn't a date and that you just wanted to make your rounds I'm... not opposed to it being a date as well.	You consider my opinions very important? Thank you very much for trusting in me. But the same goes for me.
I'll let you off this once. Make sure to hold yourself back next time.	Good work out there. Will you take a break or are you planning on getting back to work? Either way I've made arrangements for whatever you choose.
This set is unbelievably big... Ahaha there's no way I'd have any complaints. However I definitely want the girl who prepared this set to experience what cleaning this humongous space feels like.	Speaking of which what is this set even used for... well I guess it's fine. It's not something for me to worry about.
That poor-looking Royal Maid taught me how to clean things up... Ahaha it's not the kind of cleaning that you're thinking about just regular cleaning.	Lützow I'm not telling you not to play with the manjuu but make sure you carry those things to Akashi once you're done you hear?
Though you shouldn't be helping me clean... if you insist there's no way I'd turn you down.	Nice work. I was just about to take a break myself. Would you like me to help you with anything?
Good morning Guardian Knight of the Port. Hope you slept well. You can call on us anytime if you need a word.	Hi there Unicorn. Do you mind if I take little Yuni on a tour de dessert again? ...Huh? What is it? Did I say something odd?
They say to strike while the iron is hot but I'd say strike even if it's not. What I'm driving at is: let's take a break and clean the office shall we?	I'm here and listening if you need someone to talk to
Whoa! What's gotten into you?	Heehee. These are more rewards than you can shake a stick at. How lovely.
Oh this letter is addressed to you. I just assumed it was for me since it arrived by homing pigeon.	Splendid work our Eagle of Victory. Before you go reflect on your performance shouldn't we celebrate this triumph first?
Eyes open for my newfound strength!	The battle is on. Everyone stick close to me!
Eyes open for my might! Taaake THIS!	I will not... succumb so easily!
Don't cross that delicate line Villainous Fiend – or else I'll do everyone a favour and eradicate you.	Care to join me? The woods are the perfect place for a tea party... Picnic? Hmm I suppose it is more like a picnic now that you say that...
How's your evening our Champion? Not too much work? Not feeling burnt out? Heehee. Do give me a call if you need anything. I'll do everything I can and still consider the things I can't do.	Eyes open for my marvellous... Heehee oh it's nothing important. I simply used an incantation that tells me whenever you're in a spot. Saves you the effort of having to tell me. Convenient no?
I understand. You've given me the ring but aren't sure how to profess your love. I'll do the honour just... Oh you worked up the courage? W-well that's good! Heehee. Did I do a good job?	Good morning my Honourable Knight. May luck be on our side today. Heehee.
Hey Perseus! Are you in the mood for another tea party with Unicorn? Those biscuits we had last time were simply divine!	A swim in the river in the woods? Sounds good! I'll pack my tea set biscuits and... Hang on. This sounds an awful lot like a picnic to me...
Need something? Heehee that's my cue. Eyes open now!	Welcome back our Seagull of Victory. You've fought admirably. Do you want a pat on the head? Or should I recite an incantation that'll take you straight to dreamland?
The commission team is back in port. I'm going make like a Sakura cat and beckon them to... I've got it wrong?	You're meant to have yum cha tea with these manjuus? Sounds questionable... These buns are a far cry from biscuits at a tea party.
Unicorn you and I have... quite different outfits. See this is an Empery-style dress. The wings make me look a bit like a swan. Heehee.	Oh wow... *blushes*
The commission team is back. I have some carp ornaments on hand so... Yeah let's go hand out some gifts!	Oh my you don't look that great... How about I do something special for you? What you ask? Hehe why don't you try imagining what it might be?
What's on the moon you wonder? A rabbit? Aliens? Hehe. Whatever it is I'd like to see it for myself one day.	If you're tired you can snuggle up to me and rest for a bit. Oh would you rather have a lap pillow instead? Well if someone walks in on us I'll leave the explanations to you~ Hehe.
My are you sure you want to be doing this? I think I saw Aoba or someone passing by with a camera earlier.	You still haven't completed the new missions? Hmm... Well it's fine for now. Just take care of them at your own pace.
The commissions team is back. We should go and greet them right away.	I've gotten even stronger... Great!
Stick to the plan!	Where did we go wrong...
Let's show off the fruits of our labor!	Hard to port! Watch out for fire!
There are many excellent allies here at the port. I... I'll have to work hard won't I~	I'm not particularly noteworthy as a warship and it might be a while until I can truly stand by your side as your equal... Even so are you really fine with me? Can I really stay at your side?
Huh?! Uh umm... What am I supposed to say in response to your proposal...? Uhh... You're really giving this to me? Ahh I'm sorry I'm just so happy that my heart is about to explode and I don't know what to do and ahh...	"It's Valentine's Day so let's do ""something"" to give you a little bit of motivation heehee~ Now close your eyes relax and slowly open your mouth. The chocolate on my fingertips is sweet isn't it~?"
Here's the chocolate you've been waiting for Question is how do you want to receive it? Tell me and I'll give it my best shot. You... want it with a kiss? Yeah I can do that! Alright start by y'know... closing your eyes.	I love going stargazing with Intrepid. Really it's surprising how much our interests align.
Are you down in the dumps? Well how about I cheer you up with a little show? ...A magic trick perhaps?	No matter how many times I practice when it comes time for the performance I can't help but get nervous... Maybe I'm not really cut out for this...
Next up the Essex's air show! Feast your eyes on the performance!	I hope you'll all come back for more! ...Hehe just kidding~
I guess we didn't rehearse enough...	Akashi has a monopoly on this port's commerce and she seems to have some unscrupulous dealings every now and then. Now if I could muscle my way into– Hmm? These are the regulations? Boo...
Pay close attention to your checkbook and remember that a penny saved is a penny earned. Hmm? There are too many people here who always want it all? ...Ahaha how awfully capricious of them...	Were you planning to upgrade the equipment in your office any time soon? If so would you mind letting me take care of it? I'll be sure to meet all your needs at the lowest budget.
What about my outfit? Oh hmm... I suppose they are rather breezy...	Jeez... If you keep this up I won't give you any more advice...
The mission rewards have arrived. Heehee now how should we use them to turn a greater profit?	Well done on your sortie. During your absence I took it upon myself to seek out the items in need of restocking discussed earlier... Please take a look at the details here.
A commission has been completed. It seems we've gotten some equipment in addition to the regular awards. Hmm let me appraise it to see how much it's worth...	Fight to your heart's content. I shall watch your backs everyone.
Another sailing route made safe. Hmm... maybe I can use this opportunity to establish a new trade route...?	Hmm... I must say these losses are rather severe...
It's time to close up shop!	Hmm... With this I might have to consider some higher-risk options...
As the old saying goes time reveals the character of one's true heart. No matter how well you wear your disguise you will be seen through sooner or later.	Are any of your friends interested in some of the Dragon Empery's collectibles? If so I'd appreciate it if you could introduce them to me~
This is my present to you as thanks for helping me out a while ago. Go ahead and take it – there's no need to be polite. It's not like I'm planning anything in particular; I just wanted to return the favor that's all. Everything here is pretty mundane stuff helpful in your daily work so there's nothing for you to worry about.	When it comes to relationships you can't deal in profits and losses or expect returns on your investments. I'm sure you thought carefully before deciding to give this to me... Yes I understand. And my answer to you is I accept. Allow me to repay your feelings with my eternal devotion~
Oh do you remember the statement I gave you earlier? Some new ideas suddenly dawned upon me... Since nothing has been implemented yet shall we give it another pass?	*pant* *pant*... Phew. I didn't know that kneading dough took so much physical endurance... Urgh I'm all sweaty now...
Why does this store have to make dough from scratch instead of using premade wrappers? ...Why is this sort of commitment necessary...?	For the last step I had Ning Hai and Ping Hai steam the baozi. Though I did learn a few things from watching them the amount of heat and length of cooking time still seem hard to master...
Hai Tien said she wanted some baozi stuffed entirely with chilies... But if Hwah Jah were to get her hands on one I'm sure that scene would be a total disaster...	Oh right I heard that some Dragon Empery antiques arrived at Akashi's shop. If you're worried about buying counterfeits I can come with you.
Ugh now there's flour all over me...	Welcome back. Take these presents as a token of my appreciation for helping me out. Please I don't want to feel like I'm always in your debt.
Once you get used to waiting you lose sight of what you were waiting for.	Big sister... Now that you mention it I think I might actually have one... Ah... I've already started to forget.
Strategic reasons? I was installed with cannons... but they were never meant to be fired. Ironic isn't it?	Are you cold?
I'll think of how to deal with you later.	Finish your missions properly. Perhaps you will one day realize the joy of having any purpose at all.
Mission rewards... how nice.	More mail for you... Ah I'm envious.
The commission seems to be complete... Next time why don't you let me go? I'm a little curious.	If you have no opponents all the might in the world is meaningless.
So this... is the taste of victory.	So this is... the frustration that comes from failure and fear.
Checkmate.	No one would protect those who asked for their own destruction.
In the end... are you just another incompetent fool unable to command me?	I have already grown used to the cold solitude of the North. At this point it's natural for me to have no expectations.
Those who have nothing to lose also have nothing to fear... But is this kind of bravery really anything to be proud of?	Ahh... I see. I thought I was used to the cold and embraced it but that was just because I had forgotten the joy of human interaction and the warmth of being with someone... But now I remember...
Happy Valentine's Day. My blessings to you and my sister. I've always got your back... and so does little Percival oh course. Hehehe.	Happy Valentine's. We all count on you and you never disappoint. This chocolate is my way of affirming that I will always be here helping you help others. Everyone has a place and I hope I can say... that my uncontested place is right next to you.
Summer... In the past it was always just a hot and stifling season... But now...? Doesn't my outfit tell the whole story? Let's get going there's bound to be a lot of people on the beach.	In the past I never saw summer as more than a hot and humid slog... But now? My outfit probably says it all... Let's go everyone's already waiting for us at the beach.
As long as you're by my side even looking off into the horizon is meaningful.	Some of my colleagues seem to mistake me for some unapproachable ice queen... Perhaps playing beach volleyball with them would help...
The sunset and the beach at night are wonderful views. When you're done with work want to accompany me for a walk along the shore?	Even though it's summer... there are still some things you shouldn't do...
Even I can't get fired up about doing missions during the summer... because it's too hot...	Truthfully I still have a hard time conversing with Bismarck... But at least now time is on our side. There will be plenty of things for us to talk about in the future wouldn't you agree?
"In the past the word ""sister"" meant nothing to me. But the moment I laid eyes on her I knew in my heart... Yes she is indeed my sister."	Behold she basks in everyone's adoring gaze as they orbit around her upon the resplendent firmament of the stage as if she is the center of the universe... But you and I both know that is not where she wants to be.
Waiting for her to find us instead of taking the initiative to find her might be a bit of my nasty streak showing but I'm still the little sister here. I have that right don't I?	Do we have new missions? Don't worry Bismarck won't mind waiting a bit longer.
If she was here... how would she have fought this battle?	They have a peculiar way of wishing a happy New Year in the Sakura Empire. In line with their traditions I've put on this new outfit. I hope it doesn't... look strange on me. ...You like it? I see... That being the case I'll keep wearing it for the tim
Alabama proposed playing a type of badminton enjoyed around New Year's. I suppose that could be fun. ...The loser will have ink rubbed on their face? On second thought I will pass.	It feels warm... A nice change of pace.
*sigh*... Could you please mind your manners in public?	It's all right I just got here myself. I will say it's strangely reassuring to know I'm not the only one nervous on this day.
"I hate the phrase ""it's how it's always been done."" The same mistakes will forever be repeated as long as fools keep spouting it."	Brute force – the most primitive but also most effective approach. That said I much prefer fighting with words over swords.
I do not shy away from using any trick required to achieve my goals. I would rather that than play by the rules and end up at the bottom of the sea.	Stay behind if you cannot fight. The weak should know their place from the strong – this is the belief my sister holds.
I am neither as forward-thinking as Amagi nor as short-fused as my sister. What? What's incorrect? The part about my sister or my description of myself?	Seeing as you have time to kill why not practice your swordplay with me?
Acting on a momentary impulse can have deadly repercussions. I do hope you're not getting any outlandish ideas.	A mission has been completed has it? Then don't loiter around go and claim the rewards at once.
A letter eh? I would be grateful if even a third of the information in it is credible.	Did you see anything extraordinary on your expedition? You may find it inconsequential but I am curious to know what you encountered.
You don't expect me to announce when a commission team returns do you?	Hah my rampage is soon to begin!
It's over already? Hmph I expected more from them.	Gah so even I overestimate my abilities at times...
Bear witness to who reigns supreme!	Hahaha... Battles fraught with suspense are always the most interesting!
Weaklings belong behind the shorelines. I have no business with someone who cannot handle even a tidal wave.	You are brave lowering your guard around someone that could take your life at any moment. You say it's because you trust me? Hahahah. Trust. A fine word that is.
You are an odd one remaining unfazed in the presence of the Sakura Empire's ships. Still I do enjoy exchanging stories with you. What have you in store for me today?	Your ambitions and dreams are of no concern to me but I know that you need me. Which I admit is also true in reverse. Our fates are intertwined and we cannot afford to lose one another... Hahahah isn't that right?
Simply being given life in this world would've been enough for me but now I've even been given a partner to spend said life with... Hmph life is a long and arduous road and I am happy that I get to walk it with you.	You want Valentine's chocolates from me do you? You don't care about potential retaliation from Kaga? Very well. As long as you're aware of the consequences.
It struck me that this was Kaga's and I's first time making something together. I want you to have this chocolate and deduce whether it's from my batch or hers. You have no way of knowing? That's exactly the point – this way she can neither brag nor grumble over whose chocolate you ate first.	You look tired from all the commotion and girls chasing you. Very well; I will shelter you and treat you to something sweet. Oh I'm not sure you should be thanking me... You may have found yourself in the clutches of someone even more terrifying.
All right hurry up and get to work. I'll find something to do.	As ships our purpose is to connect the hearts of mankind as well as the ocean's routes. No matter what shape we might take that will always hold true. Even if we were born for the sake of war that will always hold true.
Privacy...? As someone who is strong isn't it only natural to protect someone who is weak such as you wherever and whenever?	You want to cross swords with me? We could but... It would be a dull match if I don't go all-out but then you are bound to suffer grave injuries... Hmm what to do...
Do not let your hand waver. Be more bold if you so wish. Hahaha!	Missions? Let me see them.
Oh was that the mission completion notification? How was the payment?	Mail? If it's a reassignment request I'd just rip it up.
Why don't you tell me about something interesting that happened out there? I like hearing about that stuff.	A commission team has returned. It would seem I've grown used to announcing this.
Lest you forget no matter how great your ambitions may be you are but a vulnerable human. If you are ever in danger you must take cover and protect yourself. If misfortune befalling you strips me of my reason to move forward I will hunt you down through the depths of hell or the pinnacles of heaven. Don't think you can escape from me ahahaha!	An inspection? ...You're awfully gung-ho about your work considering how hot it is outside... Surely you wouldn't have some sort of ulterior motive?
Whew... It's nice to get to play freely but I must take heed of all the extra attention this swimsuit draws to me...	You should avoid swimming too much as you're so sickly Amagi. How tragic it is a ship such as you being so frail...
The shrine maiden and her sister frolicking in the water... A rare sight to be had.	We could play a round of go if you are bored. I want a new opponent after playing against only my sister for so long.
You're in need of a snack? Sorry I only just got these from my sister. That said... we could exchange side dishes I suppose...	Try this with my sister instead. Actually don't; it would likely backfire on you...
My sister is still on the way here? Hmph then I will prepare you some food.	You've already finished all the paperwork? That's great~!
Tea blends let's see... Hmm would any Royal girls take issue with this mix? Yeah they might...	Looks like I'll get to enjoy both the Dragon Empery's AND the Sakura Empire's cuisine at this port~ That's wonderful~
If we push on just a little more we can take on a new mission!	Please don't forget to check your new mail!
The commission team is back safe and sound. May I head out to receive them?	Please take good care of the others as well okay?
Come on everyone! We are born winners!	Very well done everyone! I'm so glad we won~!
It's okay it's okay! This isn't anybody's fault!	Let's go everyone!
This doesn't look very promising...	I much prefer complimenting and congratulating people over scolding and blaming them~
Please have some of this stamina-recovering coffee! ... Oh does it taste bad? Let me try... Eww?! I might have mistook salt for sugar...	Are you having troubles of any kind? Could you share them with me? Telling others what's on your mind can be a great help~
Whew... Okay let me show you how it's done. You just mix it in with the cream like this. Now open your mouth please... Hehe well done! Now it's your turn to feed me~	You've already finished all the paperwork? That's great~! Then I say we go have lunch with Trieste~
Ah you're going for a stroll around the pier in a while? Do you want me to come with you?	How about taking a little break and doing something fun? We can doodle with crayons play with toy blocks or maybe even do a round of musical chairs... Hehehe~
Okey-dokey let's cuddle all you want! ...Wait this isn't exactly what I had in mind...	You have new mail~ Just be careful not to fold the envelope okay?
Awesome work bringing everyone back safe and sound~ Keep it up sweetie!	The commission team has returned. Remember to check the rewards list!
You've shown how much you need me so as promised I wholly accept you for who you are~ Hehehe~ You have nothing to worry about sweetie. You're doing really really good~	If there's anything you want me to do just speak up~ Don't be shy~
Being at the beach always makes people more easygoing... I suppose I'll forgive you today~	Right on time. It's good to know you're punctual. Try to be here the same time tomorrow.
Why are you here and not in your office working? Shoo with you. You're still on duty.	I'll schedule the resupply shipment. Better I do it than trust an underachiever to produce good results.
You made an error in this paragraph. Fix it yourself – it's tiring enough just pointing out mistakes. Don't make me dump more assignments on you.	People put pineapple on pizza?! That's disgusting! That's a war crime against Sardegnian cuisine!
Need a break do you? Fair enough. I suggest doing some stretches.	...Huh?!
Keep your nose to the grindstone. These missions won't finish themselves. Do a good job and I'll treat you to a home-cooked meal.	You've done well. Here you are as promised. It's a good thing I wrote that down.
Best to read your mail now before you forget about it.	I'll check through the after-action report. In the meantime reflect on your battle with the girls. Go on get to it.
The commission team has come back. Phew... I'm glad they're okay.	A smart move on your part.
Everyone do your part or else I'm giving you detention!	This is all on me for being too damn lenient!
Keep an eye on your surroundings!	Well this is a conundrum...
Are you happy now? Sigh... I'm going to fix you. You WILL learn some damn discipline.	Done with your job? Okay. Have a nice dinner then treat yourself to a bath. You'll feel as good as new after a hard day's work trust me.
That sortie sure took its toll on you. You should probably take some time to rest. Rework today's timetable as needed and I'll relay the changes to the others... Huh? You want me to rest with you?	I don't need to rest though. Why do you want me to stick around? I suppose I could monitor to ensure you are getting enough rest... Okay hang on I'll be there in a moment!
I figured you were dying to tell me something... Huh? Did you arrange all this to propose to me? You're sure this isn't some mistake? S-s-so this ring is for ME?! Have you had these feelings for me all along? That... makes me so happy! I just...	Finished your morning preparations? I sure hope so. Please don't make the others shoulder your burdens.
I'm fine with giving you a lap pillow but I won't pamper you like Trento does... Y-you meant I'D rest on YOUR lap? Well I suppose I... No never mind! Come on here you go!	This paragraph is... error-free it seems. Nicely done. It's things like this which prove that you're capable of running this place.
Since you'll be spectating tomorrow's exercise is there something you'd like for a boxed lunch? Let me know before the end of today.	Do I need a hand? Not at all I'm plenty capable of handling this.
Pick a mission to do first then set out to complete it. Do a good job and I'll... Hmm well I'll set aside a day for a date with you.	Well well... You did it. So how about that date? I did say I would didn't I?
The girls are waiting for you. This isn't the time to chit-chat with me – go talk to them. Yes of course I'll spend some quality time with you later.	You've got food on your face. I thought you could at least eat properly but I suppose you're a child hmm? Remember to drink your water too... Clean it with a kiss? I-I suppose I could...
Oh my are you done with your errands already? Surely you didn't skip work just to eat lunch with... Ah sorry for doubting you. Alright let's go. Trento is waiting for us.	I don't know how to approach you when I wear this uniform. Do I treat you as an upperclassman? Should I address you differently or like normal?
What's for lunch today? You'll have to see for yourself. I'll tell you this: it's a dish both you and Trento like.	You're THAT eager to have lunch with me? What am I to do with you...
Yup I really don't know how to approach you...	Don't neglect your missions. You're keeping me and Trento waiting.
I think the commission team is back. Down there – isn't that them?	I know I'm strict with you... I just want to say thank you. Like Veneto always says it's a good time to be frank with people when you're bathing with them.
Didn't I tell you to focus on relaxing today? Come into the water – your work can wait. Whew... That's more like it.	Excited about dinner after this bath? So am I. I'll very eager to see what sort of food they serve here.
Whew... This cool breeze is just what I needed.	In a bit... Okay. Missions first then I'll go back in.
Can't you ask someone else to get the mission rewards? Or would you rather do it yourself first and continue your bath later?	You've received a letter. Better check it after this bath.
Don't let yourself get cold. Keep your shoulders below the water. There that's great... D-did I sound like Trento just now?	Is the commission team bathing after us? Hmm... I can't quite remember...
The sea breeze is so refreshing... Thank goodness.	Oh no... My head's going completely blank...
Ugh... I'm sorry for making you worry when this was supposed to be a relaxing vacation for you... Can I make it up to you somehow? We're alone out here so you can fawn on me all you want... Y-yeah well Trento lets you do it all the time!	The manual for this industrial-grade AC says... Hmm. Let's just skip to pushing this big red button... Oh no what's happening?! How do I turn it off?!
Can I push this button? ...No? What about this one? Also no? Laaame...	Oh someone's at the door! Hello? Who is it? ...Huh? There's nobody here? Maybe I was just hearing things...
Your documents are printed and good to go! ...The cover and back are swapped around? Oops uh... I'll go look for the manual...	Huh? Are you having dirty thoughts right now?
There's no button on my forehead so stop that!	Oh geez so many missions... I'll help you with them so we have more time to play later! Let's go!
I heard you finished a mission! That means more time for us to hang out right? Hehehe~	You've got new mail! I'll open it for y– Oh... I guess should've asked you for permission first...
The commission team is back! I'll go say hi!	My intuition just got keener!
Now's my time to shine!	We did it! Wait shouldn't I get some sort of prize for being the MVP?
Oh fudge! I'm gonna push the emergency resurface button! They're not watching me are they?!	Fire torpedoes! ...Oops wrong button! There!
Ow ow ow! Stop hitting me!	You'll have to become a saint if you want my forgiveness! To start with... Lemme think... Okay first of all you've gotta get on everyone's good side.
I don't understand this instruction manual! But that's okay I'll just go with my gut until I figure it out!	Remember how you said we'd do something together next time you're free? You don't? Hrmph... You definitely did though! Whatever we're doing it now! We're going surfing!
Hehehe~ I'm so happy right now I can't even think straight! I could just fall right into your arms! You make me feel like the happiest girl in the world! Hehehehe~	Okay so... I'm meant to press this blue button instead of the red one on the AC... Achoo! Aww dang it... I pressed the red one without even thinking about it!
I've got an idea! Hehehe lemme just push this button... There we go! Fan's on now! Enjoy that cool air!	Your documents are printed and good to go! I made sure to read the instructions this time! ...Agh the text is on both sides of the paper! How'd this happen?!
It's always you touching me! Let me touch you for once!	Hehehe~ Don't be shy~
Hehehe I like this!	You've got new mail! I'll open it for y– Phew. I nearly did it again... Here you are! Your unopened mail!
Open sesame! Kidding~ I'll just open the door like normal for you!	Is this a soda fountain? Guess I just press the button to make drinks come out! Clickity! ...Oh shoot! I forgot to put a cup down first!
Elbe! Need a hand with serving all these drinks? I'll help!	We're offering a special deal: one-on-one chat time with a maid! Completely free of charge!
The service button? Sure I'll press it right– Wait I'm dumb! That means a customer's calling for me!	I hope you're not trying to ogle me like a perv!
It's NOT okay to wanna do p-pervy stuff to maids!	Hehehe~ Wouldn't you say I deserve a tip for my top-tier service?
The commission girls are back in port! I'll start prepping some drinks!	Oh hey! I'm going out so call if ya need somethin'! Gonna go for a dive!
My rigging's got bits that'll hurt ya so watch yourself if ya wanna feel it.	Can't I get a free pass if just say the paperwork's up and vanished? No? Figures.
They say teamwork makes the dream work! So let's round up some more peeps to do this paperwork!	Touch my tail without warning and I'll whip your ass with the tail end of my rigging! ...Hey I'm kidding! Hahahahah!
How d'ya like my glossy wet skin~?	New mission huh? I'm on it! ...What? We're not disruptin' cargo lanes?
Mission's been completed! Guess I didn't have much to do with it though... Lame.	Look at that new mail! Wonder if it's from across the pond.
Commission team's back? I'll go greet 'em! Better that than be bored to death in this office!	Now that's a nice boost to my swimming skills!
Wanna hazard a guess where I'll appear from~?	We are so throwin' a party when we get back!
Well damn. Better luck next hunt huh...	You ain't gettin' through me!
Oh crap! Might be time to dive back down and hide...	Miss me with your lame ass! Laterrr!
So here's the dorm here's the academy and here's the office... Gotcha. Now I've got a pretty good idea of where everything is!	Check out my massive rigging it's big enough for two people! Hop on and I'll take ya some place far away!
When ya go on missions in remote oceans ya gotta live with being alone for days in a row... But I've got this photo of you in your sleep to help stave off the loneliness! Heheh~	Sometimes I just wanna be right beside you sometimes I just wanna hide and watch ya struggle to find me. Y'know I think I'm in love! You made me feel this way and you'll own up to it won'tcha? Hehehe~
(You found U-37 asleep under your desk clutching a box of chocolates with your name on it. She probably wanted to jump out and surprise you. Later once she woke up you decided to act surprised so she wouldn't get all flustered.)	I've wanted to give ya my chocolate all this time but couldn't. So I waited and waited and waited my ass sore for Valentine's to come 'round again – and now it's here and here I am! Surprised ya didn't I? No? Well whatever! Here ya go at any rate!
I read that if you really want a smooth chocolate delivery with major impact and surprise factor setting is key. So bam – banging seaside under a banging night sky! Wooo I knocked this one outta the park! I can tell 'cause you're simply speechless!	Now then my dear visitor I would like to play for you a little song... Heheh go figure I'm good at this whole mimicry thing!
These clothes keep slippin' off... Annoying for me but just the way you like it am I right~? Heheh~	"My U-boat buds agreed to play this thing called ""hanetsuki""! U-110 sure seems excited about it... Hang on can I even play in these tight clothes?"
An electric guitar would really be more my style y'know? Would kinda clash with this getup though. Ahah.	Hehehe~ I've got pretty slick skin if I do say so myself.
Playing music's a way for you to express your feelings... I uh might still only be able to play beginner songs but... you feel the emotion in 'em right?	Oh you're back. Ready to start chipping away at this mountain of paperwork?
Sauerkraut juice is a great pick-me-up. Give it a try and see for yourself.	Penelope? Oh right she works here too. Take good care of her you hear?
You can't figure out what that report says? Let me see... What I'm too close to you? Hmm... Well my bad~	Just give me the signal when you wanna slack off. Hehehe~
"Are you saying you find my body ""too good to pass up?"	Do you find it thrilling to put off your missions until the last minute?
Accomplishing a mission can be the reward in and of itself. Receiving tangible things is a nice bonus though.	Letting your mail pile up just to read through it all at once might feel rewarding but it's not very productive.
Haste makes waste. Take it easy yeah?	The commission team has come back in one piece. That's nice to see.
Bolstering your combat abilities is always a good move.	There's nothing to worry about. Just take it easy.
You'll need to do better than that my surface ship friends.	There's no turning this battle around... We should probably retreat.
Watch your back~	No more playing nice...!
I just don't know what to do with inconsiderate jerks like you.	A submarine must be slippery elusive. You know an unknown threat lurking beneath the surface. Hehehe...
I've got someone on the hook. What do I mean by that? You'll have to wait to find out. That's part of what being patient is about.	Ooh I see you've been preparing something of your own. So have you made your mind? You'll live the rest of your days happily with me? ...Great then we're all set
A web of social complexity surrounds Valentine's chocolate. You might think you got it out of obligation when in actuality the person who gave it cares deeply about you. Can you work out which category mine falls into? Hehehe~	Ah Valentine's Day. A special day indeed. Do you know what that means? That my chocolate for you too is special... Oh please it doesn't mean anything in particular. Don't think too hard about it.
What feelings are behind the chocolate you get on Valentine's? Is it really love or are you overanalyzing things? You can never be sure. What you CAN be sure of is that my chocolate DOES have feelings behind it. So given that information...	Happy Lunar New Year. Have you cooked up a scheme for this year's festival? Hehehe~ I'm of course talking about giving out New Year's gifts and hanging up decorations. I've devised a master plan of my own.
While there's no huge stack of paperwork awaiting you there's no shortage of other things we need to do.	Can't think of a good present? Hmm. Might I suggest a handwritten letter? I think that gets your feelings across pretty well.
We were playing hide-and-seek earlier and get this: U-81 hid herself inside a snowman. That girl is on a completely different level.	I wonder what Penelope's up to... I might just go and check.
Is this your idea of a New Year's gift?	Whoa there. A little too excited from all the festivities aren't we?
Take it nice and easy. No point stressing out on a holiday.	Oh. You're back.
Are you sending me out? I can handle it by myself.	Enemies nearby? Welp...
If you need someone to patrol I'm good to go anytime.	Such a quiet office... I approve.
Inspecting my equipment?	You looking to take a nap at the bottom of Scapa Flow?
There's another mission...	Rewards are in... You don't want to see them?
So many people here now... It's so loud...	Looks like the commission team is back... There's a lot of them. I don't want to go...
Enhancing... sounds good.	This is where you'll all sleep!
That's how it goes.	So this is how it ends...
You can't be serious.	Give me some space.
Your office is very quiet. I like it here.	So like I can't really help with your work at all... But you'll let me stay here... You don't mind?
I can visit anytime I want? Thanks... But... For some reason I feel like I can't really relax here... I'm always on edge...	I'm meant for more than just voyaging through the cold dark oceans. My place is here at the port by your side... When I'm with you even just sitting in silence I feel... happy.
Ah I left the chocolate on your desk. It's going to get crowded in here soon so I'm leaving. ...When everyone's gone I'll come back.	I'm a bit late sorry about that. It was hard finding a moment where it's just the two of us. I've got this Valentine's chocolate for you. ...It's weird now that I've finally managed to give you the chocolate I don't feel like I've achieved something special...
"Whew... This looks like a decent place to give you my chocolate. Nobody'll see us here. Not 'cause the location really matters I just needed the extra time to digest these weird urges to say ""I love you"" and stuff. Already had to muster my courage just to give you this in the first place you know..."	Ah you're here. Me...? Pretty much the same. I just got back.
Nearsighted? No... there are no lenses in them.	If you're thirsty... You can have half.
My outfit? My friends picked it out for me. I don't usually think about that stuff...	I don't know my way around on land so... You're my guide.
How about I take you on a trip to the bottom of the sea? It's really pretty down there too.	Mail? ... Is it that postcard we sent?
Phew... The view up here on land isn't as bad as I thought.	Under the sea or up on land it doesn't really matter... As long as you're with me it's beautiful.
...You found me. Of course.	Another sortie? I'll be right out. ...It's fine I can go dressed like this.
I'm a little more talkative now? Huh... I just find I have more to talk about with you.	The party...? I wouldn't know what to do with myself out there.
I'm always stuck with a bunch of noisy girls: U-73 U-81 U-101... But even though I like it quiet I really don't mind them that much.	Here's to you for taking good care of me.
Should I sober you up?	They're looking for me? Tell them to stop worrying. I'm fine.
It's nice to be left alone but the feeling I get when I'm with you... it feels almost addictive.	Welcome back Master... You'd like to talk? About what?
Why the outfit? It's our theme I guess. Isn't this what maids wear?	If that's all then I'm off for another delivery. It's nice working solo.
Hey um... You okay Icarus? Sorry I didn't mean to scare you...	Here our phone number. Call us and we'll deliver to your office in 1 minute or less.
This coffee is for the patrons. I'll brew some for you later.	No more service from me today then.
I see new delivery missions have come in.	That's... a lot of mission rewards.
Is this... an order? Oh it's just new mail for you.	Check out the Iron Blood's shop when you're craving pastries. It's laid-back and comfy... (Plus you'll get to see me...)
Commission rewards huh... Sorry can't fit those in my backpack.	I'm done cleaning I guess.
Need to hurry back...!	Wanna hang after my shift's over? I'm thinking we could uhh go somewhere and unwind. Dunno where yet... Open for suggestions.
"It is I U-47 servant of the Mistress""... Okay that's pretty cringe to say out loud..."	I'm so not cut out for the role of a vampire's servant. Chilling in a corner is more my thing...
U-73 why are you coming up to me with this weird potion? ...Garlic juice? Thing is I'm not a real vampire so...	I can help as long as it's nothing too crazy.
You're just asking for a bite to the neck.	Another mission just came in? ...Five more minutes then I'll do it.
Rewards from a mission just arrived. Want me to have a look?	The bats outside the window are screeching again... Oh they've brought a letter.
Our commission team is back. Go say hi to them for me. Oh and don't tell anyone I'm here.	Hope this will end quietly again...
Better head home now before dawn breaks.	Overextended huh... Figures.
I read this love story featuring a vampire and a human. It was actually pretty good. If you're free we could read it together.	Lützow digs the kitchen. Me I'm content to just gather ingredients... You doubt that? The kitchen's much more work than this.
The Four Unbreakables are making something? Like food? If not that then what?	Couldn't catch a carp but Akashi's lightning-quick manjuu team caught tons of other fish we can have tonight... Am I miffed? Not really.
You want a closer look? One sec... Huh? You didn't mean the fish?	Woah! (U-47 got pulled back the moment before you could touch her.) Oh s-sorry. I promise I wasn't trying to get away.
So rewards. Can I take some? Lots of stuff there the banquet won't use up everything.	There you are. Heehee... I heard you're meant to take it real easy today. Hope we can do that together...
Going underwa– Hey stop pulling!	A happy victory for a happy new year I guess.
This tail connector's not just for show. When plugged into my rigging: bam gives me perfect control.	When I'm fighting you can stare at me to your heart's content y'know? Hehehe~
I just LOVE seeing my enemies squirming about trying to get away from my attacks~ Ahahahah~!	You feelin' like some hide and seek? I'm game. I always win y'see.
Ya figure we got any new missions possibly involving hunting?	Mumph... Oh you're back? Want some corned beef?
Commission team's back safe and sound~ Let's go check out those rewards.	Sehr gut!
Oh boy here we go! Listen up folks! It's lunchtime!	That's all? Laaaame. I wanna have more fun~
Oopsie... Guess I messed up a calculation...	Victory blitz!
You're not half-bad...	You want a fun hunt ya need good chums else it's not happening~
Hey you're pretty chill~ I'm feelin' like this is the start of a good relationship~	I think we oughta get to know each other more intimately~ Whaddya say Com-man-der? Ahahahah! Look at you blushing! Oh that's hilarious!
So how do ya like my Valentine's chocolate? Belongs in the Chocolate Hall of Fame am I right? Heheh! But let me hear ya put it in your own words. Well?	Just as you look forward to my chocolate I look forward to hearin' your impression of it. Oh and that nervous face you always make when I read you like an open book? I love that. Hahaha!
How 'bout I pour ya some tea and you tell what ya like about my chocolate? Hit me with your honest immediate head-on opinion and I guarantee we'll both be red in the face by the end of this... God just saying that out loud is makin' me blush!	Pennies are said to bring good luck so I saved a bunch in my piggybank... but that didn't seem to do much for me...
When you're a bad luck magnet you probably shouldn't get close to people. That way you won't cause them trouble...	I'll try to be the best secretary I can. It's the one thing... I don't want to fail at...
Maybe this'll improve my luck too...	I hope I don't mess this up...
Sigh... I'm used to it...	Let's hope these hit their target...
How unfortunate...	You wanna be friends with me? But I'm a bad luck magnet and that might be annoying for... Nnh why are you patting me on the head all of a sudden...
My true feelings are the most important...? I... want to be of service to you... because you're always so nice to me...	They say life has its ups and downs... If that's true then eating this subpar chocolate should boost your luck later down the road... Probably... No definitely!
I think I did a decent job with this year's chocolate. I poured my everything into it... including the best of my cooking abilities and all my feelings for you. Try it... and I'm sure you'll taste both.	I'd rather be diving in the ocean and feeling the thrill of being near the enemy than stuck at port staring into space all day...
What is it? Got something I could help with? C'mon tell me something.	With my support we could finish these missions with our eyes closed!
Mail's just arrived~ Oh do you want me to read it on your behalf?	Good to see you! Let me handle things for you while you get some rest~
Commission complete! Great job everyone!	Now my shots will be even more on point! Heh heh~
The leader of wolfpacks that's me!	Heheh! Did you see how strong I am?
Oh nooo...! Ahaha... How the heck could we lose...	Wolfsrudeltaktik commence!
Mein Leben! Better perform emergency maneuvers...	Uh... My friends are waiting for me so sorry gotta scamper.
Ahah I didn't think this would happen so fast but now you're a part of me! Relax just let me handle everything for you! I'll take care of you for the rest of your life~	Underwater speed star and new (tentative) member of the Research Division I U-73 am here to deliver you my Valentine's chocolate! Here you go! Now you'll know just how good I am at cooking!
Say are you curious to try this chocolate recipe the R&amp;D department came up with? Nice! Then let's put theory into practice. First: the ingredients. Next: chuck them in a pot bring to a boil... What the–?! Smoke?! Someone get a fire extinguisher!	Here! Valentine's chocolate for you! I did my best to stick to the science department's code of precision and accuracy until I finally created the perfect batch. The recipe is all-original too so I expect you'll love the taste~
"I pored over the data and polished up my chocolate recipe. Then I realized ""Oh shoot only making it tastier isn't good enough!"" So three options... One feed you it still solid between my lips; two feed you it melted between my lips; or three bake it into a cake and spoonfeed you. Which would you prefer?"	Now we raise the heat slightly then... Oh God! I-it's on fire!
Experiments necessitate preciseness. Being even one 100th of a milliliter off affects the result!	The glamor of this lab coat drew me to the science room! ... Huh? This ISN'T a lab coat? Aha ahahahaha...
You wanna be the target of my experimental fuel-powered torpedoes?	Time for an experiment on you numskulls!
You wanna learn the formula? Sure thing! First you mix the contents of these beakers then... Wait are your hands shaking? Hahaha! Come on it'll be fine – I'm right here!	Decided I'd try on this Dragon Empery dress in light of the season! Does it look good on me? Hehehe~
And for the last step we raise the heat a few degrees. See brewing tea is like doing science – it takes precision.	Might it be possible to make tea from a chemical concoction? Hmm... It wouldn't really feel like tea if you made it that way... So that's tricky...
You think I seem more ladylike than usual? Heh! That's exactly what I set out to do!	You'd like a refill? Coming right up!
"Seems you desire a ""special"" kind of concoction huh."	Looks like I've found the ingredients for my concoction!
You're here. See that massive pile of paperwork on your desk? The two of us will be spending lots of quality time here until that's taken care of.	If you want peace of mind just don't bother worrying about anyone else. We may be born into this world but our keels and souls aren't at the mercy of others.
You want to know more about my rigging? Sure I can move it like I want to but there are times when it's pretty troublesome.	The Mysteries of the Port? Just leave it as it is. That's the only way it'll continue to keep your curiosity piqued isn't it.
Think for yourself... Though you can't live selfishly you need to live for the sake of something you really desire. That way even if you die it won't be in vain.	It might be a surprise for you but I do have hobbies I enjoy. And it's not like I become a different person when I do.
If you've got something to say spit it out. I'll hear you out.	I'm not sure whether I should praise you or teach you your place...
Hmph. You don't make any damn sense.	Missions huh? Whether we do them or not is up to you. That is your freedom.
The rewards have arrived. Kick back and enjoy the moment. You're going to miss out on it if you don't and all that'll be left is emptiness.	There's some mail. Looks like it contains confidential information... I see.
Everyone made it back huh? Not bad.	The fleet's returned from their commissions. Hurry up and decide whether you or I go and greet them.
In order to create a peaceful world where power is not needed what you need is power. How paradoxical... Oh don't mind me.	...Tsk. This ammo is wasted on you lot!
...Piss off weaklings. Just thinking about the amount of ammo I've wasted on you sorry lot makes me want to vomit.	I'll back off since we lost but don't count on it happening again.
Get lost you're in the way.	If you don't plan on dying here then focus up!
You sowed these seeds yourself. It's your mess to clean up not mine.	Trust is like a poison—once it enters your body it destroys you. The only way to protect yourself is to be wary of others.
Working for you is not the same as trusting you. The fact that you can command so many people... Or rather be adored by so many means you of all people should understand.	You spineless fool who doesn't even know how to doubt others... I've come to realize that you've spread deeper and deeper through me just like a poison. Tsk... I'll return the favor mark my words.
I told you I'd return the favor. Yep I'll suck the poison out of you before it has a chance to spread throughout your body. This is my duty... my responsibility for the person who did the same for me. But maybe I'm already too late? Hehehe...	Embrace it drown in it... Just as you put the curse of trust on me I'll place it on you. Trust... Let the poison called affection consume you. Become just like me. Don't you know? You and I are already one.
What did you say? Valentine's chocolate? I didn't expect you of all to ask about such a thing... For God's– Calm down. Yes of course I've made chocolate so don't lose your shit. I wouldn't even consider making this for anyone but you.	Tsk. Don't give me that look. I know what you want but I've not finished making it yet. Sit your ass down and be patient. I'll make you some damn hot cocoa to hold you over.
You finally showed up... but you're not needed anymore. Hehehe. Don't just stand there in shock guess what I did for you.	What's wrong? Did something happen? You're not acting like yourself... Trust in others like you trust in me that's how you'll put those girls at ease. Of course the same goes for me.
Even though you do so well when I pamper you you refuse to be pampered when you're not doing well... Hmph. You're just like those little kitties in the most peculiar ways...	If you're really dying to find out what's behind the Mysteries of the Port I won't stop you. I'll even accompany you. It'll be a good way of spending time with you.
Focus more on myself? It seems like you don't understand. It's because I'm focusing on myself that I do all these things for you.	When you neglect your health think about the people who would be sad if you collapsed. I for one don't want to feel sad.
This is how our relationship together is. I don't know why you're getting all flustered about it at this point...	Do you want to find out which of us has less self-restraint?
Does being pampered like this irritate you?	There's a new mission. I did the parts I could help out with. I'll leave the rest to you.
Mission complete. Feeling a bit tired? Let's take a break until you've recovered enough energy.	Here's some mail for you. I broke the seals for you is that alright?
Are you alright? ...I don't doubt my ability to take care of my subordinates' safety but I can't help but worry about you... Tell me are you really alright?	Looks like the fleet is back after their commissions. Don't you want to look at their beaming smiles?
I'll mow all of you down!	I want you to tell me whether you're satisfied with my performance or not.
I was able to bring everyone back... safely.	Stay still. Don't wander away. I can't leave the one I absolutely adore alone. If someone actually tried to tear the two of us apart... Hehehe... Let's just say I'd tell them to eat shit.
*sigh* Do you really have to bother me during my break? ...It's a joke no need to take it so seriously. I was looking for someone to kill some time with anyway.	What's going on with you today? Spill it.
I really need to head back but the little'un just... *sigh* what a pain in the ass.	The fan outside is so frickin' loud but I really need my alone time... Huh? Who put these damn stickers here...?
You already know what I'll do to people who start shit inside don't you? ...Yep. I'll give them their one warning.	I'm not really worried about Elbe causing trouble. Surprisingly she knows when to stop. ...Well at least she's not my main source of worry.
"Welcome back Master. May I take your order?"" ...You happy with that?"	Tsk... Again with that shit just 'cuz we're here? What a pain in the ass...
The little'uns really like when you do this to them.	So you accept a mission and then immediately begin procrastinating...? What a piece of work you are. Want me to do the same thing to you?
*Glug glug* ...Ahh that hits the spot. Tsk it's already empty... Sorry mind grabbing me another can?	Looks like things worked out just fine.
Tsk they got me...	Please don't interrupt Yamakaze and Kawakaze's work... Um if you want someone to play with use me instead...
I wonder if any seagulls will show up if we put some crumbs out by the window... Ehehe...	The commission fleet seems to have brought back a lot of rewards. Shall I help you bring them in?
Thank you for always looking after me...!	Fair winds good visibility... Mhm!
Ehehe... It was only made possible by everyone else's hard work...	Don't worry about me... More importantly are the others safe...?
I'll try to be helpful!	I can... hold on a bit longer...!
"Thanks to your help I've become a lot better at the touchy-feely stuff... Um if it's not too much to ask could you continue to ""practice"" it with me...?"	I was terribly conflicted this year. I went back and forth between feeling my handmade chocolate wouldn't be good enough but also disliking the idea of tying my feelings for you to a storebought item's price tag... In the end I decided to make chocolate myself. Would you please be willing to accept it?
Ah um it's alright! I'm already used to your touch...!	"Ermm... Is this also a part of my training""...?"
Ah um... it's okay to do more of that head-patting thing...	Even one such as myself was able to obtain victory!
Um... The socks are on a bit tight...	I I'm not sure I can handle this kind of touching...
P-please don't bully me...	Wooow... Look at all the seagulls gathering around that bread! They're so cute... Wonder if I could pet them... Ah! I-I'm sorry I was having a little too much fun...
I was so excited and busy planning last night that I didn't get much sleep. When I relax I get so sleepy... No Umikaze you have to try harder... Zzz...	C'mon Umikaze! You're brave enough to hold hands by now!
Mission complete! Ehehe... The seagulls seem happy too.	If you're tired from walking we could take a break at that bench up there. Erm I took the liberty of bringing some light handmade foods...
The girls out on the commission are back. I'll join you in going to greet them!	Did I manage to help? Thank goodness!
So slow are you like a turtle who's stumbled onto the battlefield?	O you mean this family emblem? I designed this myself plus the clothes. I won't accept any other comments except for “its cute”.
That Hamakaze girl as my little sister she always acts superior to Tanikaze even more than I do darn	If only we discovered Tusk then Kongou-sama would not sigh forget it what's important is the present
Official documents? Let me see hmm ahh I see I see...	This type of things should not be tolerated right? In that case die...
I've organized all the missions say what you want me to clear them as well?!	The mission rewards have been confirmed I'll leave the labor work of transporting it here to you.
You've got mail hmm? You read it I didn't really focus on what was written don't mind me.	You've worked hard today please get some rest.
The commission fleet has returned did you forget?	Thank you my ears are twitching? Impossible I'm not that happy at all.
Muahaha all ships set sail!	We won naturally what's there to gloat about?
Damn give me victory. Win or lose that's the way of life in the Navy.	The time has come!
Such a tactical mistake...	Stay away from me stupidity is contagious.
My fan? Its military issue not some ordinary fan. It's used by Admirals so don't underestimate me hehehe. Hmm? I said nothing.	Hamakaze and Tanikaze are both so whimsical and wandering around. Those girls sure don't have the temperment of being in the Navy. They still need to lean on me being their big sister. Such a headache...
Actually even though I don't care that much and I have confidence in myself for the sake of asking do you think I'm independent enough?	What I just asked offhandedly you sure are opinionated forget it. I'll still listen to what you got to say. Just you wait one day I'll impress you.
Grace and service are the basics of any relationship. As ours is mutual I'm giving you chocolate to thank you for everything. In exchange you'll be happy for it. Fair deal?	"Before you raise a fuss about it let me just tell you this - the concept of ""Christmas"" already existed during the Sengoku period so there's nothing weird about putting on a Christmas outfit!"
Merry Christmas. I suppose I'll let you take it easy today.	You should know that I designed this outfit just by seeing the family crest here. Do you think it looks good?
Isokaze stop frolicking around like a little kid and don't pull on me either! Ugh... what am I going to do with you?	I still have to prepare presents for the three stooges... Jeez can't they be a bit more considerate towards their big sis normally? Oh well I suppose that's how it should be.
It's snowing... Hmm? It's not like I particularly want to play in the snow or anything but if you want to so badly I suppose I can tag along.	Santa Claus? ... Hmph I graduated from that fairy tale long ago.
Another greeting card for you... Curse you what a normie.	Look here Christmas nowadays is a holiday that you celebrate with those who are important to you. You came here knowing that didn't you? Me? I... don't particularly object...
Enough dilly-dallying! It's time to get on with today's rehearsal!	"Of course they had music during the Sengoku period! ...But they didn't have rock bands? Listen it's called ""getting with the times."
"Hamakaze said she won't join because it would ""impact her academic performance""... Hmph! She doesn't know what she's missing out on!"	A band logo? Yes and we'll use my family crest as the motif of course!
"If you're going to rest find something durable to sit on... I'm not ""showing concern"" just giving you instructions!"	Go on. Read the score and play the song like I taught you.
Being a general is no excuse to skip out on rehears– Ahem! I mean missions.	You've brought the missions rewards? Splendid Isokaze! I'll see to it you receive a castle for your efforts!
Do we have any potential new band members? ...What? Nobody has even applied? Grrr... I suppose there's no point in getting mad at you for it though...	What? Was I wrong? Hm... It's been quite some time since Tanikaze said she'd go receive the commission team... Hope nothing has happened to her...
Let us do like rock stars do and turn it up to eleven!	Could you give me the go-ahead to play now?
Whenever I ask Kinu if I can borrow her cute mask... she just tells me no way in heck...	Uranami rhymes with rural mommy. Doodle-loo nothing better to dooo.
Help friends in need defeat enemies with speed. That's my little motto.	When I tell folks about the things I like they all look super weirded out then they strangerzone me. But oh well.
One super serving of missions with a diet soda coming right up.	Whoosh here comes a letter. Aaaand there it is.
Welcome back tweety-doo. That's what a Manjuu would say. Yup-yup...	The commission team's back. Oooh riiight you already knew that.
Done enhancy-pantsing yet? C'mawn I wanna play.	Blue skies blue sea daba-dee...
I'm awesome... Or so they say. But why?	Time to scamper. Don't wanna be left behind.
I'm super scared right now.	I keep a collection of cute pets. Stop by again and I'll show you my axofrostl and swolejuu.
The massive Meowfficer's super fluffy... I mean ripped. Built like a fridge!	Last year I said the early bird catches the worm which got me thinking about birds that can't fly. Like ostriches. Do they still catch the worm? Hopefully. Anyhoo I made you this chocolate ostrich – or as I like to call it a Chocoboo. Enjoy-doye.
It's snowing...! I've finished rallying the forces... so let us advance!	The best thing about winter... is skiing in the snow!
Today I will transform into a snow bunny!	The snow is so sparkly and soft... it's very fun.
You shouldn't underestimate me~ I've been practicing this whole time.	My outfit is thick therefore wholesome...
Although submarines are terrifying but I'm not afraid of airplanes!	So can we run?
Eh?! First place goes to me is this ok?	Oops I think I timed it wrong!
Your chocolate flew off with the wind too? Wowie! Then we're in the same boat! Here have some of my candy to cheer you up~	Is it morning already?
Mission rewards~! Is there candy?	Mail? Oh I stuffed it under the pillow and forgot about it...!
Is that Bismarck over there? Gracious this will be quite awkward...	The port seems to be all in order and I can confidently say you're as well-guarded as can be!
Pardon my bluntness but Royal cuisine is total shite. Sure different people like different things but something's wrong if even I as a native think it's rubbish.	My duty as a palace guard is to aid and protect you at all times.
Thank you for ceasing your inappropriate behaviour right at... *gasp*! Do you have a death wish?	Yes? How can I help?
Mission complete. *sigh*... I should've checked on it sooner.	Come! Let's settle this fair and square!
Tsk. You'll pay for this you hear?! ...No I'm fine. Take the others and retreat quickly.	This is a knight's swordsmanship!
Tsk... What a persistent bunch!	*sigh*... If you're not suited for the job just admit it so we can find a replacement. Stop acting tough it just makes you look pathetic.
So what's on the schedule for today? ...You'll be working overtime filing paperwork? I'm sorry to hear that. Be that as it may you will be present during today's exercise right?	While yes I am a palace guard that doesn't mean I should be stuck in port. Won't you let me sortie already? *sigh*... I'm going mad. The stress is killing me...
What? You're working overtime AGAIN? I understand it has to be done but this is a bit ridiculous... I won't force you to order a sortie but please can't you make one happen somehow? ...You can? Brilliant!	By this ring my sword and my life now belongs to you 'til the end of time! ...All righty do you mind if I tone down the formality a bit? I mean what's the point in being super serious 'round the clock?
Ah there you are. Yeah yeah I'm here with you. That's my duty as your secretary and guard... But truth be told I do it just because I want to.	See? This is an unassuming flat – unlike Lady Formidable's place. A knight's residence should be orderly and free of– Don't go digging through my shelves!
A sortie is an opportunity for me to flourish! The glory is nice too but I think we can all agree the best part is showing the world what we're made of!	Being as graceful as Lady Hood would be a huge undertaking... M-mind you I'm not saying it would be impossible!
Royal breakfast is all right that much I'll personally vouch for! If you're curious to try it I'm willing to cook it myself!	If you need some enemies sent to the scrapyard take me out of the dock and send me on a sortie! Preferably with Lady Victorious – she and I would likely get along!
What? There's a package for me? ...Look I can explain... It's nothing noteworthy really... Just you know some cute comics.	Whatever you need done give me the honour. A knight is always ready to serve.
I-I'm not some idiot who'll admit to liking this no way...	If you want to pat my head... then I guess that's fine.
A new mission's come– Oh god this one's going to be a pain.	The commission team's back. Let's head out to meet them. And while we're at it let us sortie!
Yes! YES! It's my time to shine!	Behold! My royal sabreee! ...Wait what? They're all gone? Oh god I can feel everyone's cringing at me!
You picked the wrong fight. Try harder next time if you don't want to make fools of yourselves.	This... This move is too cringeworthy to name so forget it!
"Please let me know if you need anything Master""... I'm starting to think you're making me wear this as a sick joke. The reason being I am obviously NOT fit to be a Royal Maid... Even if I do adore their uniforms..."	Why do you insist on having me as a maid? I can hardly cook and I'm terrible at cleaning. Wait... Don't tell me maids are your kink...
While Royal Maids also participate in battle their approach differs greatly from us knights. The only way I can put it is... they hold back too much?	"Yes Master? ...""Getting the hang of this"" eh... Are you making fun of me?"
I have both secretary AND maid work to do... *sigh*... Will I ever get to sortie again?	As you say. Your wish is my command.
Compare me to any of the other maids and I'll destroy you.	You have a new mission Master. Please review it.
The commission team has returned to port. I shall accompany you to them.	I beat the crap out of them with grace and elegance! Hahah!
This sucks... I told you I wasn't cut out for this.	How would you evaluate my performance as a maid? Ill-suited though I am for this job I can still accomplish any task you can throw at me... Y-you want me to keep doing this? You know I really feel like you just enjoy watching me suffer!
Aah so it's like that huh. I understand everything now. Let me take it on... NOT!	What's up? Need me to do you a favor?
A mission you say? Hehehe! Finally it's my time to shine!	Mail? Oh I'll go get it then!
For all your hard work you deserve a headpat... Whuah! Spare me that expression of yours!	A commission's complete! Just F-Y-I! So yeah let's go receive the returning team.
You're not gonna... dump additional work on me now are you?	Witness the true might of a LARGE destroyer!
MVP! This calls for a celebratory cool pose... Uhh why's everyone giving me funny looks?	I'm strong as heck! Probably!
Stay calm and wait for the right time...!	Something that's bothered me lately? Well Tartu asked me for advice on becoming more ladylike so I thoughtlessly recommended this detective novel I've been reading and she apparently got hooked on reading it... It feels like that was a mistake you know?
"Whether I'm actually dumb or not doesn't matter but sometimes I like pretending to be stupid. Then when I do something smart people are gonna be like ""Whoa you're a genius Vauquelin!"" That's how it goes! I mean... it does right?"	Holy smokes... You really meant that thing the other day about getting married?! Well not to say I took it as a joke or didn't believe you or anything... Uhh I mean... Y-you get what I'm trying to say right...?
Let's throw out all those yucky vegetables! Yeah all of them! Including yours too!	Th-this is a bit embarrassing...
Number one! Clap clap everyone! Heheh I'm super strong after all!	Commandeeer! What are you doing? It's our day off! Turn the work part of your brain off and just have fun! C'mon let's enjoy ourselves on the beach!
Tartu's not gonna get washed away by a stray wave I hope... Yeah figured as much...	Everyone's looking so cute~! Woo~! Hm? I'M looking cute too...? W-woo~!
Isn't it great to just forget about work and have a good time~? But uh what's up with that Royal Knight over there? She's casually playing around too even though she's still on duty...	Beach barbeque! Heck yeah! I'd love to grill some vegetables but I'd rather someone else does the bell peppers!
Teehee~ Well? How do you like my swimsuit~? Yeah I know I'm flat in a few places...	I know I don't hold a candle to Tartu but... Wait what do you think you're doing?!
Got any requests? Like a song or food or even a thrilling chat with yours truly? Hehehe~	Bet you were imagining these were Tartu's knockers. Hmph.
Let us play a requiem! ...Hang on that sounds familiar...	First place! Let's hear a victory song for me! Wait a sec... Where'd my orchestra go?
So yeah I'm thinking it's time for me to scoot! Phew... Good thing I picked a non-cumbersome dress...	Oh you barged in just like me? Sounds like you've learned the rules of this world!
As I've found out everyone in this crazy world thinks it's okay to waltz into someone's home go through their drawers and break their pots. That's video game logic for you. Ahahah.	I've moved up the thief skill tree! Now I'll probably get more item drops! Heheh
That enemy had a stealable item you can't get anywhere else?! You should've said so! There's no way to load saves here!	My new Silent Steps skill makes me undetectable. I can steal anything if I want to now... Heheh.
You've naive if you think you can grab me!	Whoa! That's not part of a thief's skillset!
Welcome back! What drops did you get? Hero's gonna mock you if you didn't find anything.	Bet they dropped some loot! Better grab everything we can!
Crap! Time for the escape QTE!	I Vestal am always ready to heal wounded peo
Has Enterprise been eating properly? I'm really worried...	Wh-why is my heart beating faster...
Ah no...I-It's so embarassing...	Your mission rewards are here~!
The girls of the commission team have returned. I wonder if they got injured...	It's so good that I can take better care of everyone now~
I'm very happy to have become everyone's repair shi	Don't worry. With me the fighting damages can be repaired.
I will not abandon everyone. Let's all return together.	Yeah yeah it's time for repairs~
Oh no! I have to treat the injuries!	This is what a personal doctor is like...! 24-7 full-time care and taking care of your well being! --Eh? That's too much? Is that so...
Listen everyone~! Playing by the beach is fun but please keep safety in mind! If you begin to feel ill come see me~!	Although summer is a vacation period for many Doctor Vestal is in all year round
Enterprise South Dakota it's all right to have a showdown but don't drag others into it~	You want to go in the ocean with me...? Hmm I suppose I should accept your invitation and take a quick dip. But just a quick one okay~?
I think those girls are starting to develop tans from going on so many commissions.	The sea breeze is so refreshing isn't it~
As your personal doctor I will always be by your side ready to– Hm? Doctors don't usually dress like this? Aha~ It's fine though isn't it~? I want to go on a date with you after all~	The quiet sea the cool sea breeze... Even in this moment the birth of new beautiful things blesses us.
In both love and war one should be brave~ So be brave and if you need support I shall be there!	War is ugly. And this olive wreath is the symbol of peace and beauty.
I don't like violence but using it is often the quickest solution to many problems...	When you feel down I also do. Come on you have someone as beautiful as me beside you so why not be happy?
Only I have the privilege of being selfish. Don't even think about pushing missions onto me.	Fine but just this one time! I won't help you with your missions a second time!
To celebrate your victory why not wear this olive wreath? I'm certain it'll suit you.	Stop loafing around! I promised the commission team that I'd use my planes to photograph the moment they entered the port!
Words are not needed to praise me! It's not people's words that touch the heart it's their actions!	Sigh all that cannons and gunpowder can do is make is war even uglier...
When my foes have been this thoroughly defeated... not even I the symbol of victory can truly be glad.	Remaining dignified even in defeat: this is how one should lose a battle!
Oh dear I've let my guard down.	Don't think too hard about it. Just follow my lead at your own pace. ...Come on this is a day to celebrate don't be so nervous~ From this day on you'd better work hard to always please me!
Not sure how you should show your appreciation for this gift? Allow me to bestow some wisdom upon you: Don't overly complicate things! Just do what your heart tells you to do and your feelings will surely be conveyed!	Do you need advice from the beautiful Victorious? Whether it's fashion tips or relationship trouble you can ask me anything~!
Rest is for the sake of being able to work better! Therefore set aside that work and come play with me~!	Tirpitz come and play with me~ I won't do anything to you~!
Stay in tip-top condition so you can work hard and play hard! That's my motto~!	This outfit is surprisingly warm... Even in this kind of weather I don't feel cold at all!
Phew is the battle finally over? As I said let's go out and have some fun!	Since you messed up the day off I was so looking forward to I'm going to have to punish you!
Are you preparing to hold an event for the port? Hehe sounds like you could use my help. Don't worry with someone as beautiful as me around anything you do will surely be blessed with success!	What should we start off with today?
A few words of advice from me: Invitations should be sent early the venue should be grandiose the programme should be discussed with everyone and your attire should be flamboyant — just like mine~	Having trouble deciding? If I was in your position I'd just circle everything then figure out the specifics later.
Unicorn what kind of outfit would you like for next time? I'll make it for you~	I'll have an eye out for you so if you need me for anything just call~
I added a slight twist to my outfit this time. Can you spot what it is~?	Y-you put your work down just to do something like this?!
If you have any questions about your mission you can always ask me. I'll be glad to give you my advice.	I shall guide you until the rewards are secure in your hands— so why don't you hurry up and do that?
As a celebration of victory why not decorate your office with this red New Year poster? Isn't it about time for a change in atmosphere?	Let's teach them a harsh lesson!
A beautiful victory — now this is elegance~ Hehe~	Wanna space out and stare at the clouds?
Because my sisters like to take care of everything for me my primary responsibility is spacing out.	Surely... it wouldn't hurt to skip a few of these missions...
Looks like there's new mail... but it's too far away... Don't wanna go...	The commission fleet's back... Looks like spacing out time is over...
What's the point... of getting stronger anyway?	Wanna go swim together?
V is for victory!	It's time to get serioush...!
I... I can still keep fighting! Probably...	Quincy is always busy helping other people so she never has time to space out with me...
You don't act the same towards everyone? Then how come whenever you look at me your face is always so gentle... Why is that?	Even though being with my sisters is already a lot of fun as long as you're with me I feel like we'll have even more fun! So let's continue getting along!
I put a lot of work into making this chocolate. First tell me I did good then I'll give you your present. Well you don't *have* to praise me since I made it for you in the first place...	Here Vincennes has some chocolate for you. Mm since I did such a good job I'm going back to sleep... Well yeah I'm always sleepy but now I'm doubly sleepy because I worked hard so it's not quite the same...
Taking it easy savoring my chocolate while drinking tea... Yeah this is the life. I'm proud to say I'm living the dream right now~	Zzz... sho comfy... Huh? Commyander...?
Don't wanna get up...	I like dreaming. There are no missions... or fighting... or sorrows...
In my dreams everyone can play together happily...	Zzz... the donut monster... is gonna catch me... zzz...
Mr. Meowy got so big... zzz...	Astoria... don't shake me please... Zzz...
Zzzzz... Zzzz...	Off to school we go~ Being punctual makes me a good girl~
A photo op? Sure... Lemme make a pose~	What did I learn in class? Dunno... the clouds outside looked really neat...
I saw a black cat on the way to school this morning... Wonder if it's some kind of omen?	Why isn't there some class just for spacing out...
Nyahh! Th-this is a violation of school rules!	Is the next class starting?
Anything GB can help you with? I'm the oldest among my siblings and can do absolutely anything! Go on let's hear it!	S-Simoom isn't around here is she? Ahem! Not to imply I'm afraid of her my question simply stems from a sincere desire for amity and courtliness.
Oh goodness! Seriously could you not pull weird faces while I'm trying to work?	Huh? I've not done anything weird have I?
H-hey! I've grown out of headpats! They don't work on me nuh-uh!	Hm? New mission directives? But I'm not ready yet... Oh they're not for me?
Mission completed. Now where's the rewards report?	How about a victory hug for everyone? Would that make me seem more mature?
The commission team has returned!	One step closer to blooming into a gorgeous signorina!
Hehe easy as pizza pie! Err I mean... Of course just as expected! Nothing to get excited over!	Dangit... You won't discourage me so easily!
I'm going all-out!	Oh no! Deploy smokescreens!
Hmm... I wonder how long it'll be before I become a fine lady like Veneto...	You only find my floundering endearing and cute because you make me flounder so much! ...Th-th-that said I'm perfectly fine with being called c-cute...
If you and I had met under different circumstances like as classmates... then maybe we'd be in a typical romantic relationship... J-just thinking out loud that's all!	I leave you with this chocolate and a question: what's the reason you got this gift? Is this God rewarding you for all the hard work you do? Or is this GB returning the kindness you've shown her? ...Mull it over for a while
Chocolate? Of course I've made some for you! Not just because I'm such a cordial lady but because you're always so nice to me! That alone is reason enough for me	Here your Valentine's chocolate. I had it prepared all along. All cordiality aside you have a very special place in my heart. To NOT give you chocolate today would simply be an injustice!
You may drink to your heart's content today! Worry not just put it on my tab! ...Huh? The drinks were free to begin with?	"This ""for adults only"" drink has gott my attention... Could I at least have a taste?"
We have some lovely tiramisu resting on the counter Libeccio! Call over Maestrale and we'll all savor it together!	Fare un brindisi! Indeed this is how a signorina raises a toast.
You'll never receive another party invitation from me again!	May I offer you some succulent tea and a biscuit before you start your work for the day?
This may be unbecoming fo me to say but nevertheless... It would delight me if you would use one of our baths. It would let you fully appreciate the splendor of our Empire.	The power of a cannon cannot be gauged by its caliber alone. Any who underestimate my 15-inch battery will pay dearly for their misjudgment.
Even I – the flagship of the Empire's fleet – enjoy leisure breaks from time to time. There will always come some downtime no matter how tirelessly one works.	Let it be known that this sort of behavior is abjectly inappropriate no matter your motive for it.
May I offer a bit of advice? Choose your friends carefully.	Were my tortellini to your tastes? I must make more to give to the returning commission team you see.
Eternal Flagship Vittorio Veneto sallying forth!	Sardegna's hope faith and love shall be felt all across the world's seas with our fleet as its emissaries.
The enemy overpowering you by sheer force is the most easily acceptable reason for a defeat...	Witness the Empire's prowess!
You hope to defeat me? With attacks this lackluster?	It seems I must reassess the Empire's future...
I never would've thought one day I'd sit down for teatime with Illustrious of all people. Fate is truly a strange thing I suppose.	I see not only my Sardegnian friends but all members of the fleet beaming with joy. How you managed this feat I don't know but it fascinates me to no end.
Do you comprehend the significance of this vow? Our futures are henceforth interconnected. I would normally not have accepted your proposal so easily but your sheer passion won me over. Heehee.	What lay before your eyes is Sardegna's glory. Well not quite – it is my handmade chocolate. Say why not put aside work for just one day to focus on learning more about the Empire – and about me? Hehehe~
Whew... Well how does it feel to bask in the Empire's glory? I should warn you basking for too long may make you dizzy so kindly tell me when you'd like to get up. Oh and don't forget that I have chocolate for you when that time comes	Oh I suppose it's time for work. Allow me just a moment to tidy things up.
Self-care is important. When you're out on a sortie don't you wish you could come back to a warm bath every day? ...Not exactly?	You and Littorio are similar in a certain way. Namely your tendency to rely on me for help~
I do not condone this but since you're so insistent... Ohoho.	Is this letter from your friend? Ah. Heehee. I'm sure your friends are all lovely people.
Could you give this a taste? ...Oh dear I might have used too much salt. I thought the commission team might prefer stronger seasoning.	Basking in the sunlight feeling the sea breeze and listening to the sound of the waves... Ahh it's wonderful to have a relaxing day off.
A shipgirl gazing out at the sea from atop a ship... It sounds almost like the setup for a joke! I'll have to tell Littorio about it later. Hehehe~	Would you care to sunbathe with me? It's delightfully pleasant I assure you.
In case of an emergency... Um I mean you can always rely on me emergency or not!	Arkhangelsk can I bring vodka to the next tea party? Ehh I can't? Aww...
"Heh heh~ I might not look it but I sure pack a punch on the battlefield! ...Huh? The ""might not look it"" part is unnecessary?"	I'm coming~ Did you need something from me?
If that's how you feel about me then... Huh? It was an accident??	W-wait I'm supposed to be the big sister here right? I I'm sure of it!
You've got a letter~ Wouldn't it be nice if your friends are inviting you to do something fun?	The commission fleet has returned! I'll go take lunchboxes out to them~
I'm a REAL aircraft carrier after all~	I'll do my best to offer air support!
Our march forward is unstoppable! We shall endure no matter what until the final victory is ours!	So this is defeat... But the final victory will eventually be ours!
Now's the time to give it our all!	The final victory... will be ours!
A nice person doesn't cause trouble for their friends got it?	You can't have an unhealthy lifestyle okay? I know you're busy but nothing is more important than your health.
Give you chocolate? Ah yes I suppose that is a custom at this port. Hmm... *tummy grumbles* Oh dear... Simply thinking about it made me hungry. Umm... What do you say we go to a chocolatier?	My greatest contribution to this fleet isn't on the battlefield - but rather through courage companionship and love! Heh heh sounds pretty cool doesn't it?
Having a proper outlet for stress is a trick that'll go a long way whether in work leisure or life itself... Well assuming you want a long life that is~	If you're heading out for battle you can call on me! Heh heh after all I have a great reputation for being reliable right?
Ehehe if you're really that into me then what can I say~	Good good you sure did a great job out there~ I'll bring the rewards over to the depot... Huh? It's dangerous so it's better to stick together...?
Back from the operation already? *nom*... Mmhmm sho who'sh the MVP this time?	Volga here. I'm currently tracking an important witness. *gurgle* ...Is my stomach rumbling because this AR game requires so much stamina? Ugh lost track of the witness just now...
All right I've got myself some conclusive evidence this time. Please loop around that way. After that... Oh before I forget take this in case you get hungry~	Belorussiya told me that the bar there serves really good drinks... Oh yeah focus focus!
Kirov should be lying in ambush on the other side... All right this is where I show you what I'm made of!	Now we wait... Ugh my cover's been blown... There goes the mission...
Ahhhn?! W-wait now's not a very good time...	Shh I'm in the middle of a mission!
(*grumble*) You heard something just now? Uh... I'm sure it was just your imagination! Yeah nothing at all!	"There is a saying about Kirov and me: ""As hot as an inferno yet as cold as ice."" O-or... something like that."
D-don't act like you get to touch me whenever you want...	Why would you do that?
Huh? It's already that time? ...Th-thank you for letting me know. I almost forgot that the commission team was coming back...	Absolute power is an effective insurance policy for our subsequent missions.
I've undergone countless practice drills. I won't fail!	As long as your information is ample and your strategy is thorough there's no chance of failure.
Melt!	Hang in there... Just a little more...!
If you don't have any business with me don't waste time looking for me. We should just do our own jobs and keep an appropriate distance. Wouldn't that be best?	Do you still think I'm as cold as ice? Haha well that ice melted long ago thanks to you.
Kirov told me that if I want something I should be bold. I understand that logically but shouldn't I be more careful when it comes to emotions? I mean this is my first time so...	I'd always thought that absence is what makes the heart grow fonder. But staying so close to you and chatting... Heehee it's pretty nice.
Your hands are cold... Would you like me to warm them up?	We should both be more straightforward... *blushes*
I don't... quite understand... *blushes*	The cold wind blowing through the steamy water... They could be likened to fire and ice couldn't they? Heehee.
What would I do right now if there was an emergency? Oh I shouldn't waste this date thinking about such things...	Should I get a little closer? Well okay...
Hm? Is there snow on my head or something?	A new mission hm? I'll add it to our to-do list for later.
Don't worry. I've gone through my fair share of emergency battle drills!	My blade is very heavy so please be careful!
Is this my reward? Ehehe~	Mission complete! I don't think I've done anything worthy of praise but it does feel great to overcome obstacles together with you!
A commission represents the trust of the requester. In other words upholding that contract is righteous and good!	My body has become lighter and faster!
Vanguard Wakatsuki has arrived! Everyone charge forward with me!	The victor has been decided! Drop your weapons and surrender! Hahaha!
I shall protect your rear so hurry up and retreat!	Just leave it to me!
Woah I've got to regain my balance!	Why did you have to leave me all alone? Did I do something wrong...?
Some people will turn their backs on their friends and their beliefs after gaining great power... You often read about these greedy powermongers in various stories! If I ever met someone like that one day... Hehe~	I shall protect you today just as I do every day! ...Huh? I seem to be in an especially good mood today? Well of course! Nothing makes me happier than being at your side and serving you faithfully!
I see! So this is a symbol of my fealty to you! From now on I swear to always remain by your side and to protect you with my life! If you ever need anything just call my name. I'll do anything for you!	It may be presumptuous of me but I decided to join in the chocolate-exchanging festivities by making my own for you. If there is anyone you wish to receive chocolates from please give the order and I will summon them at once!
The more good things I do the more rewards I'll get from you right?	Haguro are you okay? Is it my fault? ...Oh you're fine? Thank goodness. If someone falls down because of me I'd have to get on my knees and apologize...
Yes I'll be right out with your order!	I I'm going to tell my friends on you!
Yay I've been rewarded for my hard work! Ehehe~	I can't believe I made a fool of myself in front of you... I just wanted to help everyone out with the café but ended up causing more trouble instead... Urgh...
As long as I'm here we can deal with any enemy no matter how far they are.	Don't be blinded by statistics. Victory depends on far more!
If you make fun of me one more time you'll be eating my 15 inch shells!	Body contact...? I don't hate it...
Just so you understand I'm definitely not that sort of erm...	Missions give out rewards once you complete them. Don't forget that!
Whew not a bad fight. Let's rest for a while.	Commissions? I suppose I do miss running around on errands... Let's go. We need to welcome back those hard workers!
Battlefield I'm coming for you.	"Don't be confined by the so-called ""limits"". It is indeed possible to be unsinkable!"
So this is how harsh the battlefield can be.	Would you please not act like we're close...
I'm not very elegant? I'm sorry that I'm not like Hood or the others... No... I'm not talking about my body...	How do I put this... I'm considered to be one of the older girls yet my body is like this... It might be unbecoming of one my age to compete with the younger girls but I wanted to at least be attractive to you What is a lady meant to do
I didn't prepare anything for Valentine's Day... Ah! How about this Queen's Chocolate? Her majesty had the maids make the chocolate so I assure you the taste will be excellent... I'll make sure to remember next year...	Survival is the key to becoming a stronger person.
Battle is the fire that feeds one's growth. And so I fight with all that I have in every conflict.	My important parts haven't grown at all...? Seems like someone wants to taste my high-angle mounts...
This year I am in charge of delivering presents to the children of the Royal Navy. Let's get going once I finish decorating this Christmas tree!	Even warriors need to rest. Since it's a holiday you shouldn't be too uptight either.
Hmm... what present should I pick out for Her Majesty? It can't be too expensive or too cheap and it can't be too exotic or too ordinary. What exactly can I get her?	If I'm delivering Christmas presents it's only natural to go through the chimney... Eh? Wouldn't that make me seem suspicious?
Good. Since you are here I can proceed to my next battleground - the important mission of delivering these gifts!	We have the finest equipment. Now to turn in a performance worthy of Her Majesty's beauty... Behold the Royal Stage!
The day's schedule is in your hands.	Don't let my name fool you. Warspite is ready to fight whenever and wherever even onstage.
I'm no idol... Yes idols are nothing like me... Hm...	What do you think of this outfit? It was made with input from the Royal Knights. Should be different from the others'.
Her Majesty is certainly all in at the moment but I'm worried she may suddenly lose interest...	Are you fixing my equipment?
Is it time to call the police?	A gig request...? Maybe you'd better give this to Illustrious...
Rewards. I never thought Cesare would be sending them.	I'm going to win even in a skirt!
(Did I take it too far...?)	If I were just a little faster...!
It's said that the archers of Sakura Empire is totally different from mine. So I really want to see it.	Zipper? Hehe please don't mind me. This is just more convenient for me to move around~
The commission fleet has returned that's good to hear. I also want to head out... Co-man-der~	Oh my physical strength has grown stronger it's time to customize my bow.
Let me give you a taste of my Wasp battle style!	Hehe I am very good right?
Umm... it seems that today's status is not very good...	If you don't want to get shot by me then just stay away...
One cannot simply dodge the sting of my arrows! But I'm no cupid and you can't really attach chocolate to an arrow I suppose. Anyway! Here's my Valentine's chocolate handed to you in person!	So how do you like my chocolate arrow? As you can tell there's not just an arrowhead but a shaft and feathers too all made of chocolate! Next year I'll see if I can craft a chocolate bow!
So Intrepid told me that people who get Valentine's chocolate will have good luck for a few days – but of course that's a joke. Though it's not really a joke that Intrepid would make. After all wishing for your happiness and good fortune is no joke~	If I were you I wouldn't undersell that arrow as a mere piece of chocolate. The moment you caught that masterwork in your hand your heart fell prey to me. In other words... you're already in love with me... Wait no I mean... you're being hunted... Yeah.
Before you hurry off to do your work why not first take a seat and enjoy a cup of coffee?	The Iron Blood doesn't have as many aircraft carriers as the other factions so I can't help but worry that we'll be at a disadvantage during practice exercises.
The Unsinkable Battleship...? Oh I know who you're talking about. I wonder if I'll ever be able to meet my renowned predecessor Seydlitz at some point?	If you're tired just set everything else aside and get some rest. I'll wake you up if somebody comes around.
Your spirited enthusiasm... You might want to change the way you convey it.	New missions? There's no need to hurry. We can check them after you finish whatever you're doing right now.
Mission complete. Don't worry it's not like the rewards will run off somewhere. You just need to make sure to collect them later.	There's some mail for you. If it's nothing urgent just read them later.
The commissions team is back? We shouldn't leave them waiting there like that... Should I go ahead and greet them first?	Keep calm and persevere. Victory will surely come to us.
Victory just as I expected.	Ugh... I wonder if I'm still not used to my planes...
The time has come!	It's not yet time to panic.
The battlefield is a place where the unexpected occurs. If you simply insist on following the orders given to you by the higher-ups you'll never be able to achieve victory.	Peter is quite brilliant but she can also be quite dreary. I wish she'd loosen up about time and planning and all and learn to just have fun sometimes.
I believe that the way we live isn't influenced by our environment but rather the choices we've made. That's why I've always lived by my own tempo. What do you think about the way I live my life?	Have you matched your stride to my tempo or have I matched mine to meet yours? Putting all that aside you know having you by my side makes me feel comfortable and relaxed. Hehe.
I could give you this luxurious box of chocolates but then I would expect something equally valuable in return. Does that sound good to you? Wonderful. You're a generous soul – I like that.	What should one give in return for handmade chocolate? More handmade food I assume? I don't know how much of a chef you are but there's a mischievous side of me that can't wait to find out.
I've been waiting for you Comander. As per my sister's recommendation I've put on this Sakura Empire kimono. It was very tricky to get into I might add... That aside how do I look? ...Good enough I hope?	Have you already decided what we'll do today? If not take your time. The goddess of time is a patient one.
Sit down and relax. Have some rich tea or read a nice book to ease off.	The Sakura Empire's New Year's banquet? I'd love to go but... Eugen can you promise you won't get drunk out of your mind again?
Cozy winter sunsets really make you drowsy... I just take a short nap... Zzz...	Oh we're going to a Sakura Empire shrine for New Year's? Heheh. I'm looking forward to the memories we'll make today.
Okay you've proven just how tenacious you are. Now could you stop it already?	Welcome back. Give me a moment to put in a bookmark.
This dress took just about forever to pick out. Judging from your reaction though I can see that it wasn't time wasted hehe.	Are you getting bored? Want to head out to enjoy the breeze together?
That is not a chivalrous way to conduct yourself.	How about doing something else for a change of pace? Just let me know if you want to spend some time together whether it's inside the banquet hall or outside.
I've been waiting forever for this season to arrive. It's a perfect time the waves wait for nobody so I'm off for now. I'll make sure to teach you how to surf later so look forward to it.	You can already ride the waves? Then how about coming along for some practice?
"The surfing lesson is about to begin so put on these casts. I had Akashi make these ""surfboard posture correction casts"" for you. Once you put these on your feet you'll be able to understand how to ride the waves instinctively."	Surfing is fun to me because unlike cruising on the ocean's surface while using my rigging it feels like I'm gliding through the water.
Don't head over there—you'll be washed out into the open sea. Never underestimate the power of Mother Nature.	Haven't you skateboarded with Minneapolis before? It's not exactly the same as surfing but try to remember the feeling you had while skateboarding.
Looks like you fell off of your board. You're a beginner so you shouldn't feel too bad about it.	If you're having such an easy time that you can mess around maybe I should raise the intensity of your training?
That was a fantastic wave. Now that you've cooled off go take a shower and chill out for a bit.	You're late... the exercise has already begun hurry!
This should be... a friendly gesture I suppose.	Carrying out missions is an important part of enhancing the strength of the fleet.
The mission was nicely executed good one.	Could these be letters from my sisters?
What a peaceful port it reminds me of Hawaii before the war.	It seems the Spokane Cup this year will still be mine.
Have you seen this? This is the inevitably tragic ending of those who dare challenge the BIG SEVEN.	I don't want to recall the humiliation I suffered on that day...!
Have a taste of my 406mm guns!	I was once seriously injured but then I was greatly enhanced during the process for my repairs
I'm proud of my BIG SEVEN title. But aircraft carriers seem to be replacing us battleships in naval battles. I am losing myself in all this confusion: this strength that I possess... what is it for?	A couple of us Big Sevens joined forces to make this chocolate. Please take it. It should taste good since Rodney gave us a hand... More than good actually! I'm confident you'll love it!
Sorry but I don't have the gumption the make my own chocolate. If you don't mind you can at least have this... Just don't expect much. What I'd be at a loss if it turned out bad!	Woah... it doesn't taste bad? Phew... That's a huge relief. I was freaking out when you asked me for handmade chocolate. So I hope I'm not sounding like a broken record here but are you sure you're not just saying that?
You've returned. You really kept me waiting. Get ready to depart.	Relish in the power of a true heavy cruiser!
Look! Our conquest extends to the ends of this blue sea!	There exists no problem that a shot from my huge cannons cannot resolve!
What is it want to have a go with me?	Are you trying to get a taste of my whip?
A new mission? Read it out loud for me.	You're giving ME a reward?!
I'm entrusting the mail to you.	Hm? Looks like a commission's been completed... Hmph a few commissions are easy pickings for our mighty fleet.
With this kind of power...!	All units fire at will!
Hah! These weaklings are no match for me!	Now this is interesting. Hmph fall back!
This shot will be it for you!	How about unveiling what secret plan you have in store for me?
Hmph it seems I made the wrong decision... by relying on someone as useless as you...	My dream is to conquer the world! What happens after I've done that? Hmph who cares about that!
You're curious about my whip? Well I bought it on a whim long ago but it's been surprisingly useful. Particularly when I'm pointing at a map.	I see you as my best friend... No I'm not planning on treating you as my best friend... Hold on let me think for a moment. No that doesn't mean I'm turning you down... Just give me some time to ready my heart for this...
This is a present from Lady Wichita! And one day I'll give you all the chocolate on the Seven Seas! ...There's no chocolate out on the Seven Seas? I-I see...	Got some Valentine's chocolate for you and it's packed full of love! If you thought I only paid attention to you because of your abilities you'd be dead wrong!
I really appreciate that you've always been there to lend me your wisdom. So I'm giving you this Valentine's chocolate in return. It's just a formality though - if there's ever anything you need from me feel free to ask away. If it's something I can get for you then I'll do that. If not just add it to the list of things I owe you. How does that sound?	Mannerisms etiquette dress codes... Hmph. This is all more convoluted than naval battles that's for sure. Still I agreed to participate so I mustn't act like a total simpleton.
What are you looking at? You want a drink huh? Why didn't you just say so right away?	Even the world's best warrior would succumb to exhaustion if they never stopped fighting. Everyone needs time off for recreation you know? So enjoy yourself tonight.
Not going to lie St. Louis's car looked really slick. I'm considering asking for the keys and taking it for a spin later.	Hey! You nearly put your hand on my shoulder there... Try to avoid doing that in public at the very least.
You want to play do you? Come here!	Hah! Pathetic. Can't they send someone who'll put up a fight?
Ghosts? Goblins? Hah! On this night they too are under my control! Hahahaha!	Trick-or-treaters? It's your job to deal with those. Wouldn't want to risk petrifying any children with my terrific costume.
Raising the brim of my witch hat to reveal my razor-sharp fangs – now that's what I'm talking about!	Come familiar. Get up on the pumpkin and take in the Halloween spirit.
Desperate to once more taste the sting of my whip are we?	My fangs and ears look very realistic? Of course they do. I had them specially procured just for this holiday.
Woooo! I'm pumped and ready to do some work!	If you don't play with me right now I'm gonna roar at you! Fine... Rooooar!
Hey Kawakaze! Have some fun for once and come play with me and Umikaze!	Do you wanna play knock-out boxing?
Argh! I'll turn you into red paste!	Rooooar!
New missions have come in! Let me at 'em!	Mission complete! Do I get a share of the loot?
You're back? Here the seat's all yours!	Woohoo!
Woo! Follow my lead!	We won! Hip hip! Hooray!
Bwaahh! Get me outta here!	Onwards! Go! Go!
Owwieee...	Grrrrr! (Yamakaze is wary of you.)
When those mean Meowfficers gang up on me I scare them off with a roar!	You're always so nice to me so I'm gonna be nice back! If any baddies show up I'll send them scurrying back to mama! ...Huh? You'll protect ME instead? But... why?
I'll promise to stop scaring you but in exchange I wanna play with you more often!	Umikaze! I've got a bag full of breadcrumbs! Wanna go feed some seagulls?
What are we gonna do this time? More knock-out boxing? Sumo wrestling?	I caught youuuu~
I'm prepped and ready for my big trick! Woo!	I'm gonna surprise everyone with a jaw-dropping trick at the banquet venue! But first I need to come up with a total jaw-dropper... Hmm...
White doves should be part of any good magician's act!	Watch closely! I'm now going to make this flower dis– What the?! Why'd it turn into a handkerchief?!
Woah! Stop trying to figure out my tricks!	Presto! I've magically retrieved your mail!
Ning Hai's steamed buns? Mm... they still have the same nostalgic flavor.	Only by remembering the lessons of the past can we move towards a brighter future.
Sometimes I miss those days when I used to train together with all my sisters...	What's wrong? Please don't have any strange expectations of me.
I am no longer the crybaby that I once was.	New missions have been assigned! I have finished preparations and am awaiting your orders.
Mission rewards counted and ready for your review... me? No there's nothing I want...	Ahh home is such a warm place.
The girls have already returned from commission. Aren't we going to greet them?	If only I was able to become this strong sooner then perhaps...
Ancestors... Yat Sen shall now do her part as well.	As the wind blows anew I can feel my presence once more.
Give up? Why would I do that? I am not the same fragile Yat Sen as before.	It ends now!
I have already witnessed true hell.	When I look at your face I sometimes forget to breathe... What a strange sensation.
This... is the power of our bond? Every moment we are together is like a dream one that I am afraid of waking up from. No... it is no matter. From now on I shall always be by your side.	"Two connected hearts beat as one."" Perhaps it was fate that brought the two of us together. It might also be fate that you'll be the first person to receive my chocolate. Thank you for looking after me as well as everyone else in the port."
If I told you that there's much I still want to learn about you... Would you entertain my request? Heehee~	Ying Swei and Chao Ho... To outsiders those two girls might seem like they don't get along very well. But people who understand them will find their antics delightful and amusing. Heehee.
In the past I used to pray that I would become stronger. Now I pray that I may understand both the warmth and coldness of this world. Naturally I would like to experience those things to better accompany you and my other friends heehee.	Did you need me? I am willing to hear you out at any time.
All inappropriate conduct will be held to account.	Indeed home is the place that truly makes your heart feel at ease.
For us to walk hand in hand until we become old... is my greatest wish.	I am now able to move forward without doubts... and it's all thanks to you dear.
I never realized it before but being by your side like this watching Ping Hai and Ning Hai grow and seeing the merriment of the other Dragon Empery children... makes me see that I am truly blessed.	Is something the matter dear? Yat Sen is always there for you. Yes no matter what.
P-Please don't be so hasty dear... at least wait until we get back to our room...	Awaiting the return of a loved one... is a warm feeling.
As long as you're with me there's nothing that Yat Sen cannot do.	Even if we are to be separated our hearts will always beat as one. Do you feel the same way about me my dear? Hehe~
This is rather embarrassing but... Chen Hai somehow found out that I'd be meeting with you so she made me change into this outfit... S-so how does it look on me?	Being able to spend peaceful days with my friends fills me with warmth and happiness. Spending time with you... is yet another special kind of happiness.
Thanks to you the port's Lunar New Year celebration has become more and more lively each year. As a result there are more and more kids we have to keep an eye on... I suppose that's one of the downsides of being too blessed?	Just by putting our hands together like this you can already feel the warmth spreading.
Wh-what if one of our friends passes by...?	Do you find my hairstyle... appealing?
Do you still have missions left to do? If it's urgent please allow me to help.	The mission rewards have already arrived safely at port. There's no need to worry yourself.
The mail? An Shan said that if anything new arrives she'll drop by to bring it over.	Thank you for your service. I happen to have my tea set with me so if you don't mind I can steep some tea leaves for you.
"Going by launch date one could say that I am actually Chao Ho's older sister... But alas since she wants that role so badly she can have it. Besides being the ""little sister"" comes with perks of its own. Hehe~"	Reminder from Ying Swei~ You've had your head in the clouds for a while~
Are you interested in the Four Treasures of the Study? I'd be glad to instruct you. Hehe not to boast but I'm quite confident in my abilities.	If you're tired you should go ahead and rest. Collapsing due to overwork is inefficient.
Wouldn't it be a great time for me to tell everyone how much of a pervert you are? If you want me to reconsider you'll have to make me a little promise first. Hehe~	If you mess up my hair I'll have you style it for me for a week starting tomorrow you hear?
Mission complete. Now if I could just enjoy a meal soak in the bath and then get into bed... that would be the life. Hehe~	You've got new mail... You know stone-cold printed text doesn't have that same human touch as something handwritten.
I'm sure there are a lot of things you're dying to tell me. But that can wait until after you've rested up.	The expedition fleet is back. Don't forget to reward all our hardworking friends.
Indeed. You must be strong if you wish to protect what is dear to you.	Purge all evil. Become as a stalwart blade.
I'll wait until I get back before declaring victory.	Do I not have enough power... to stop the enemy's advance?
We shall never fade away...!	We will not cannot back down here...!
...I have nothing to say to you.	Chao Ho has been complaining to you that I've been pushing my chores onto her hasn't she? Don't listen to her. I've just been instructing my little sister who has stubbornly been running away from her responsibilities about the realities of being an adult. Hehe~
There are a lot of things I'd like to say to you but whenever I'm in front of you it's like the words just won't come out... I'm afraid I'll have to write my feelings out for you so please don't laugh.	Ink does not fade with the passage of time... I wrote my feelings down with the hope that they also may never fade. I now offer these words to you along with myself.
Happy Valentine's. Oh to think that I ended up giving you chocolate before Chao Ho could... I wonder how she'll react when she finds out... Hehehe	Chao Ho and I made a promise that we'd deliver our chocolates together today and neither is allowed to jump the gun... But since she still hasn't shown up at our agreed-upon time I suppose I have no choice but to give you my chocolate first. Haha happy Valentine's Day~
Happy Valentine's Day. My sister and I struck an agreement to begin from a starting line and race to be the first to find you. So I sent out a manjuu with a hologram device projecting an image of you. Poor Chao Ho she fell for the same trick twice. Heehee	We've got a lot of work to do today. Thanks in advance for your cooperation. ...Hehe don't even think about slacking off~
I've brought you a most sophisticated cup of lapsang souchong tea hehe~	I like the way you stroke my hair ehehe~ ...Ah no I didn't say anything.
Though I no longer communicate with you through writing I feel like we understand each other much better now. Please continue to share your feelings with me be they amorous or anxious.	Chao Ho thinks up the couplets and I write them down. Don't you think we make a good team? Besides seeing Chao Ho's brows furrow in thought is super cute... Anyway let's think up some lines together later.
Miss Yat Sen I'll help you prepare the food for tonight's reunion dinner. What about the fish? I'll start it up if you'd like.	Fu Shun if you throw any more firecrackers into the pond... I'll change your seat to be right next to that lotus~
Since it's the Spring Festival how about taking a break?	The excitement of the festival seems to have gone to your head. Hehe~
In the warm spring breeze snow melts and life blooms anew. Spring is the season of life.	A~ job~ well~ done~ ...Hehe did you like that?
"An old saying goes ""it's better to be lucky than it is to be punctual."" Since you've come at quite the fortuitous moment why not come sit next to me and enjoy the show? As for what's going on over here don't sweat the small details~"	This year Hai Tien is in charge of coming up with the Spring Festival couplets I'll be doing the calligraphy and Chao Ho is handling the decorations. An all brawn no brain job like that is perfect for my sister isn't it? Heehee~
What's the matter Chao Ho? Still haven't been able to get your stuff back? ...I tricked you? What could you possibly be talking about?	The goods Akashi sent over sure are convenient. There's the mechanical errand-running Manjuus the automatic fireworks launchers and the lion dancers as well... I'm sure Fu Shun and her gals would have an absolute blast with these.
You also want to try playing a prank on Chao Ho? Sure but don't go too overboard~	There is little I can do on my own. So please if I can assist in any way don't be afraid to ask. I will help you.
Why I help people? I feel I should; therefore I do it... Is that strange?	"Forcing myself""? Not at all. If I were my help would only have the opposite effect."
Do you feel tired? Shall I give you a shoulder massage?	We have received a mission. Is it something I may take care of?
I have brought the mission rewards. These should be all of them.	A commission has been completed. Splendid work.
This feels rather nice.	Be careful. Try to stay close to me.
We have everyone to thank for this victory.	They tricked us... Everyone retreat! I will watch your backs...!
Critical hit!	I would prefer it if you'd stay away from me.
Hm? I seem cold and distant to you? I've heard that from Harutsuki before... Oh bother...	I know that I can't always be by Harutsuki's side to help when she feels nervous. Yet my body always acts on its own accord...
You don't require my help yet you keep me waiting by your side... Why is that? I don't quite understand...	"A ""date""? What does that mean? ... It means we'll play together? Certainly if that's what you wish. ... Why are you smiling? You're quite strange..."
When I'm thinking of you as I make chocolate I get so nervous... I can see why Harutsuki prays. I'm slow to catch on so could you show and tell me directly whether this chocolate has made you happy?	It's my turn? Hold on... Umm could you please not stare at me like that? It's... making me feel uncomfortable.
I registered for several sporting events. I must give it my all so I won't slow down my teammates...	I received a good luck charm from Harutsuki... It's nice when someone offers you their blessings.
Harutsuki slow down and match your pace with mine... One two! One two!	All the entrants are strong candidates... I'll need to exert myself for the next event too.
Will you enter with me for the three-legged race? Don't worry we're unbeatable as a pair.	Mmh... Happy New Year. I'm working on hooking my friends up with these firecrackers... The bun I'm eating? I received it as a thank-you for my efforts.
"The noise of the firecrackers is said to repel a monster called the ""Nian."" As for why this monster only appears during Lunar New Year's I'm not quite sure..."	Yat Sen's dim sum is wonderful. I'm particularly fond of this meat bun she made.
If lighting firecrackers sounds too frightening would you like to light a firework instead?	Make a fai chun? Sorry such things are beyond my means. You may wish to ask Hanazuki or Suzutsuki instead.
Don't worry it's not very heavy. I'm capable of carrying it.	Perhaps the noise of the firecrackers can dispel your sinful thoughts too?
I'm aware that setting off firecrackers is an important Dragon Empery tradition. That said... This many firecrackers may be excessive.	Excuse me for being so early heehee. Now show me that leadership of yours and make me happy.
You're free to regard me as a tool – a means to exert your power. Heehee. I don't mind.	Spee if it's friends you want I can be yours. We'll have so much fun together. Heehee
That I serve someone is all that matters not whom I serve. It could just as well be Emden as it could be you. Though admittedly very few are able to command me.	You look strapped for work which I'm quite happy about. The more things I do for you the easier your job becomes. Isn't that the best arrangement one could want?
Hmm? Are you trying to chat me up or issue an order?	Oh I see... You want the same done to you hmm♥
Letting the mission rewards pile up to collect them all in one fell swoop once is more satisfying don't you agree?	There's a letter for you. The most I can do is hand it to you sadly. Heehee.
Welcome back. Next time you bring me on a sortie please make it as good as the one just now was.	Those girls have returned from their commission. You commanded them wisely. Heehee.
Why you... I must say I'm pleasantly surprised. Heehee.	What will you do next? Keep advancing or call it quits and pull back?
How unfortunate... If only we had more backbone.	Hope you like being chopped to pieces. Heehee
Seems like covering our rear is my only strong suit.	Heehee. You may be a worthless hopeless imbecile but I still have use for you.
Kindly tell me if there's something you want me to do. Likewise I'll suggest new things I can do as I come up with them.	There are certain things only you can do so try not to become too dependent on me. Having said that... I wouldn't refuse if you offered to become my puppet.
You really have a charismatic aura that draws people in. It's why you're deserving of my loyalty... or should I say my love. Heehee.	"From planning the ceremony to sending out invitations you left it all to me. Do I take that to mean you're ready to be mine? Say it then. ""I take Yorck to have and to hold from this day forward."" Let me hear that resolve that desire of yours♥"
"Everyone's been talking about this ""Valentine's chocolate"" thing so I made some as well. While I don't care much for the custom myself I thought receiving a gift from a tool might rouse something inside you. Heehee. So can I expect to get something in return?"	Ah you're right on time as you said you would be. I do fancy a person true to their word. Heehee.
Before you state your business I'd like to ask a question. Are you here to speak with Yorck the subordinate or me your wife in marriage?	You're requesting my aid without even realizing it aren't you? Heehee.
You know I think I like it when you somewhat force yourself onto me. Heehee♥	Tenacious and brave in the face of incoming attacks... I see. There's always so much to learn from your strategies.
After all the faith you've put in me this is the least I can do.	Your office chair pales in comparison to my throne. Don't you want to sit on it for yourself?
A vampire hunter you say? I wonder whether Seydlitz could make it all the way here without your aid.	Should it not be you who decides what to do not me?
Oh. Oh my...	There shall be left no trace of your existence.
You expected anything different? Victory is par for the course when you're a Goddess.	Back from your training? Come Fate is calling for us.
Feel free to admire the manifestation of my Force though this is just the tip of the iceberg.	This a special drink I've made come drink it and leave not even a drop!
The Force may be essential but one mustn't drown in its power.	If battles are my destined Fortune then may they be even more fierce.
The flow of the Force can you feel it?	Bodily contact holds no significance at all to such a noble soul... Aahh!
The Tribulation calls to us.	Tribulations are not solely a quest for strength but also the rewards along with it. Don't forget.
This... may be a communication from the Unknown.	It is necessary to rest after a battle. Come have a drink and relax.
The wheels of Fate spineths once more and we move yet closer to Elysium.	I can feel it the Force courses through my body!
Submit to the power of the Force!	Be engulfed by darkness!
Guh.... This is the Nightmare of Suda Bay!	Magic Gun - Armageddon!
This is a trial of fate...!	The attraction of my Force has diminished... Could that be because ultimately you were nothing more than a Faker...?
I can feel the Force guiding our paths. Care to try out this new potion for me?	...The attraction of our Friendship grows ever greater! Come hold my hand and let us commune!
This feeling... Unmistakably as long as you're by my side I can unleash unlimited amounts of power. Is this the power born of our connected hearts Love?	I cannot control the explosions in my heart...! Come hold me tight and we shall join forces and defeat our foes... Eek!
This darkest of fruit chocolates represents both a malediction and a benediction upon your soul. It is a pure crystallization of my feelings for you... Come open your mouth and accept my gift! Now open~!	As though invoked by my Force the gears of Destiny have begun turning once more in response to this Pledge I swear to you once a year! Now come with me – we shall go on a glorious voyage that spans into Eternity!
I offer you this Tribute – the embodiment of the Bond we have forged! Gaze into the Dark Abyss and you shall see the extent to which my longing for you grows for you by the day!	This is no mere Upgrade this is an Awakening! I will alter the course of fate itself!
For us to meet in this place at this hour... There is no mistaking it; this is fate!	If the Force means something it means having the will to always fight! And I will fight until I've overcome my destiny!
I can feel the Force's power coursing through my body!	Once I feared the Nightmare of Suda Bay... but now I shall prove that I can overcome it!
Now grasp my hand firmly! ... Could you feel my enhanced Force?	W-wait! Continue and my Force will swallow you whole– Eek!
I can hear the voice of Fate distinctly calling for me... Is this a new skill I've acquired...?!	Welcome back! I knew you were coming from the moment the Soul String began to fluctuate!
Is the Soul String on too tight? Then let me make just... Ahem! What you feel is simply the Pressure of our bond exerted at the moment of connection!	If fate compels us to fight then fight I will with all my body and soul!
I feel your Essence of Love flowing into me!	We've received new Commands from up above. Together we shall carry them out!
We've accomplished another Command! Can you feel the surge of Force?	There you are my Soulmate! Please have a seat and drink from my special bonding potion!
Ahh... I tumble into the Nightmare's maws...	The school has recently been consumed by a series of Mysteries... there must be some Mastermind lurking behind the scenes. Yes another Tribulation awaits me! I shall part the veil and reveal all Truths!
Now then let us begin today's Investigation! The Mastermind will fall into our trap sooner or later!	The figure that suddenly showed up inside empty classrooms turned out to just be Eldridge. The mysterious stack of books in the library was nothing more than a Misdirection left by the Occult Club. And the legends of the Ace who cloned herself to lead every sports club to victory; well she was actually that incredible... But the Mastermind still hasn't appeared. Has my Investigation been misguided?
Eyepatch? Nay. This is a tool that is necessary to seal off a portion of my Force.	Difficult Words annoying Formulae... Curses will I be defeated by these things before I am able to reveal the Truth?!
Exeter struggles with her Tests on a daily basis but that is for the best. The true Tribulations are mine alone to bear.	Until all Truths are revealed and the Mastermind's identity is brought to light I cannot relent!
Eeek! Just now could it be... There's no doubt about it. The Mastermind took over your body to issue me a Warning!	Without delving further into the Zone we will not be able to uncover the Truth. Luckily with you here I will be able to enter realms normally inaccessible to me!
You're back? Then let us continue. This time the Unfathomable will respond to our summons!	Jamaica Z36... Through this arduous battle I have met many companions who also see through the veil. Now I am no longer alone in my Rebellion against Fate!
So the first summoning failed. Such are the tribulations exacted by the Unfathomable. But I shall not capitulate so easily!	Bloody hell if not for the fact that my Force is nullified by the slumbering depths' domain I could delve even deeper in the search for Truth!
Excellent let us combine our Force and channel it into this magic circle.	Ahh! ...No can it be your mind has been corrupted by the Unfathomable?
The messenger has returned from the depths. Could it be a message from the Unfathomable?	Ohhhhh... The bastions of white sand were instantly reoriginated by the waves... such is the might of the Unfathomable Force!
It's alright if you don't remember me...	If there's time maybe you should spend it with my younger sisters... I'm fine on my ow
Are you truly prepared to leave your mark on someone like me?	The mission rewards have been delivered. Please check them.
My eagle got the mail. Please read it carefully.	You're not hurt... That's good
Thanks...	Let's search for the light!
If victory can bring peace then I...!	For the sake of freedom...!
The light is still far away...	So you truly will leave me one day...
Could I ask you to please accept my Valentine's chocolate...? I hope you'll feel the same happiness as I do and feel the same love as I do for you...	Here's chocolate from me to you so that I can see your smiling face. Today um... Well you already know that I always want you to be happy each and every day. Hehe~
Enterprise is a good girl. So's Hornet. And Hammann. They all found their PLACE in this fleet. But me? The big sister? I'm HAPPY for them. And a teeeensy bit lonely.	Here's to a mission accomplished! CHEERS!
Uhhh where am I?	OOPSIE! What was that I just said in front of EVERYONE...?
I I have a feeling... like all the clout I had as a big sister is COMPLETELY GONE... after tonight...	Urk. I feel... a little sick...
I mean it's only natural for a good couple to be a little clingy right? After all I've been through I'm WAY too shy to make the first move. So that means YOU have to do it. Got it?	What kind of souvenir do you think Hammann would like? ...A warding stone...?
I quite like it here. All the places we visit have quite a unique atmosphere whether in Iris Libre or in the Eagle Union... Hehe.	Am I... good enough for you?
New mission notifications? Why don't you let Hood handle it?	The mission rewards have arrived. I'm excited to see what we got.
What's the matter my friend? I see the commission team has returned? I'll let Hornet know.	For our ideals...!
The purpose of my wings are to guide us towards peace––	Freedom... will never be extinguished...!
Sometimes I feel like I'm not quite myself... That must be my other Self...	"Abukuma I don't think that ""only eating and sleeping"" is a healthy lifestyle. I'm wrong about that? Well..."
The destroyers are... well they're always so full of energy and zipping about that it's honestly a bit hard to keep pace with them...	Even when we can't see her my Self is always by my side.
You want to know more about my Self? Do I think she has some kind of special connection with the meaning of my name...? I sometimes wonder myself.	Did you need something from me?
Would you like to touch my horns?	Oh speaking of which... I haven't told you to receive the mission rewards yet... have I?
Shall my Self read it aloud for you?	It's good to see you welcome back. I apologize for I don't really know where to put these papers...
The girls are back from commissions. If you require assistance shall my Self accompany you?	Oh I feel something awakening inside me...
I'd like to wait a bit more and see what the situation is like...	My Self played a big role as well. I'll have to thank her for her help.
It might be better to withdraw first...	Safety first.
We should get back into formation.	"I wonder if the fortune that foretold ""calamity"" was referring to you..."
You want to know more about my Self? Well she's also a part of me... Mm if I were to put it simply she's kind of like my familiar.	Your fortune said that bad luck would follow you around so I along with Abukuma and the others made a protective charm that will ward off evil. Please be careful and always carry this around with you.
Whenever I think of you I always worry that something bad might have happened to you. Please stay with my Self's... no my side. That way I won't have to worry.	My Self is a very good girl. I'm sure that you'll be able to get along with her just as well as you do with me. Hehe~
Were you helping Kinu out with her training? Ehe... Would you mind if I came over to watch?	If you would ever like to see my Self please let me know. I really love having conversations with her.
If you're ever worried that you're being possessed by something do let me know. I'm fairly confident in my ability to exorcise spirits.	I pulled a lucky fortune while at the shrine earlier today. I'm sure something good is going to happen soon!
Um... did you need something from me?	My aren't you quite the prankster?
Heehee~	I can feel the power flowing through me...
I must thank my Self for protecting us... Oh is everyone safe?	Just as my Self stays by my side and protects me I would like to stay by your side and protect you. At your side always... Hehehe~♪
A succubus is a being that tempts people in their dreams... I-I'd never do anything like that!	Isuzu it's me Yura! I'm not a ghost you don't need to be afraid of me!
Oh did you need something?	Maybe you were the real succubus all along. Hehe.
The wings are slipping off... Is there a mirror somewhere...?	I'll seduce you alright. Hehe.
With you by my side Master I have nothing to fear...!	Be they canisters or weaponry my developments in them are the latest!
*Yawn*...	Melon bread? I'm extraordinarily curious as to how it tastes...
The Gatos are terrifying... Why are such frightening submarines named after a catshark?	Your hand is so warm and gentle Master~
Mmh... ugh... gah... stop or I will bite!	You have incomplete missions... Hmm it appears the results of my research will not be of any use...
Master I believe it is time for a nap once you've finished your missions.	Hmm this mail seems questionable... Master I urge you to open it!
Data collection complete. Now we shall use it to improve our gear.	A commission is done! Hmm I wonder if they brought us gifts...
Hmm... It seems to be a bit too tight in here...	Combat trial for new equipment... begin!
Surely by now you've begun to understand the importance of developing new gear Master?	Dear me! ... Once I'm done developing new gear I won't lose like this again!
Feel the power of my advanced weapons!	Oww... No issue as long as my equipment is fine...
Master could you just stay away from me?	Master what's on your mind when you stare at me? Hohoho I'm rather perceptive I'll have you know!
I much prefer staying in the port than going on sorties. This is my home; by the blue seas beneath the warm and dazzling sunlight... *Yawn*... Mmhh... Zzzz...	What girls are your type Master? Someone like me? You know my type is people like you Master~
Do you want to nap with me Master? Take this it is my favorite pillow. Perhaps if you sleep on it you will see me in your dreams. And if you do... Hehehe♪	I'm overjoyed♪ Starting today every day when you wake up the first thing you'll see in the morning is me~! Hehehe♪
Master behold Yuubari's newly developed chocolate-manufacturing Manjuu! Just provide the ingredients and it will work twelve hours a day six days a week producing chocolate nonstop. Hah hah. Then we'll never have to worry about Valentine's chocolate again.	Master I've completed the chocolate-manufacturing Manjuu. Your portion will be delivered to you automatically and the rest will be shipped to Akashi. Hmm it almost feels like I'm doing this for Akashi rather than for you Master...
I've brought you an automated Manjuu robot that reports on the status of your Valentine's chocolate. The settings can be changed here and the Manjuu can refrigerate any chocolates you can't get to... (Muahaha... You can't change the settings for MY chocolate though...)	Master I've decided to observe the chocolate-manufacturing manjuu this year to see it in action and gather your feedback. Go on Master; put that manjuu to work... (Muahaha... Now I'll know everything about what Master likes...)
I've finally finished developing my new equipment! Since we still have time let's go and try it out in live combat right now Master!	Master are you here to help me gather data today?
Akashi is really enthusiastic about helping my research but it feels like she has some ulterior motives...	Research always comes with failure... but with your support Master all these difficulties will pass!
Nnh... I'm a bit tired... Can I rest here for a while?	The way I am now I won't be afraid even if I run into a Gato-class probably...
Master you have to remember to get some rest all right?	Augh... I'm going to smack you!
Hehe looks like the data collection went well this time too.	Master have you realized the importance of having modernized equipment?
Hmm... Looks like I haven't upgraded my equipment enough...	Come let us brawl!
Fast and strong that's me!	Let's see who can do this paperwork faster~!
My full name is Leberecht Maass but you can call me Z1.	Don't be so wishy-washy if you're greeting someone.
"You want some ""hard love"" is that it?"	We have a new mission. How about we take it on together?
Our teamwork is unbeatable! Let's go check out those mission rewards.	Hey you have new mail. Don't drop it!
Nice expression you've got there. Wasn't that battle simply exhilarating?	A commission has been completed. Straighten up you have to greet the hardworking girls with your best smile.
Hah this feels pretty good!	Ride the wind and break the waves! Feuer!
Hah hah hah! The great Z1 is unrivaled!	Not bad fellas...
Follow me to glory!	What are you all afraid of?
Even if the world was coming to an end I have nothing to fear. As long as you are at my side I can continue to laugh.	Wahaha! These chocolates are from the great Lebe big sister of the Z class. Hehe these chocolates are different from the others'. Once you take a bite you're bound to fall for me all over again!
Fast and strong that's me! Tasty and exquisite now that's my Valentine's chocolate! Hehe! Have a bite and see how REAL chocolate tastes like!	"I used to ask my sisters if they knew any good chocolate recipes but then I realized that following recipes is lame as hell! Everyone's got their own definition of ""the best chocolate"" and there's meaning in figuring out your own! Take it from me!"
You're finally here! Come on I want to start brawling already!	Heheh~ The mighty Z1 can get even stronger and faster!
"Viersechs if you want a name let me choose a great one for you: ""Iron Blood Warrior Princess Ritter der Walküre!"" ...H-huh? You don't like it?!"	Because she's the Z1 her results will of course be NO.1! Hehe no matter where she goes Z1-sama will always be the best!
Bringing weapons to school is merely for self-defense purposes. There are always some bold fool who wishes to taunt Z1-sama!	The homework was finished in a flash hehe naturally for my Z1-sama!
I did not break classroom rules! It's just that the teacher is too boring I recommend to everyone that I should teach the class then...	Hehehe stuff written on books may not always be correct!
Everyone from Iron Blood are either obsessed with war or say a bunch of stuff that doesn't make sense... and my mission is to make them all smile!	I prescribe a smile to anyone who's feeling afraid~
I believe that deep down there's a smile in everyone's hearts! Anyone can smile once they know that!	Do you need anything from me?
You can't do whatever you want just because I'm smiling! Hmph!	Nice work~! Replenish your energy with these snacks and my smile~
The commission team's done~ Shouldn't you go greet them?	Now my smile can reach the hearts of more people!
I'm rooting for you everyone!	Gimme a smile everyone~
I'll always smile even when defeated~!	My smile will reach even the enemy!
This might not be so good...	People feel sad and anxious when they lose right? That's why I'll be there to cheer them up!
A smile is always good but when cruelty makes someone smile... it's kind of creepy...	It's so so much fun making chocolate – I find myself smiling from start to finish! Here! Eating these is sure to put a smile on your face too! And a smile is the foundation on which a happy year is built!
We just saw each other and you're already beaming with joy! My hard work this Valentine's is already paying off. For showing me such a wonderful smile you get a smiley chocolate that'll make you even happier!	I must be more strict with myself now that I'm your secretary.
Please don't pick me up... I'm way too old for that...	Is it finally time for you to play with me?
Am I one step closer to being an adult?	All ships at the ready! Aim for the enemy fleet ahead! Feuer!
Z23! This time I got a perfect score!	This is the result of all my hard work!
No matter what skill you have I'm sure there's a place for it.	Can I really have this? Thank you very much... I'll do my best to be a worthy partner!
I wonder what score you'll give my chocolate this year... Wait huh? You want me to grade it myself based on your reaction to tasting it? Hrmhh... I mean how could I give your smile anything less than a perfect score?	I can tell you this right now – that smile is a 10 out of 10 on your happiness scale! I'm sure of it because I've known you for so long. S-seeing you that happy over my chocolate makes me both happy yet embarrassed at the same time...
As long as I'm in a good mood I can enjoy any scenery!	Protschny? Don't call me by that name!
Hmm? You want to go on a run with me?	Hehe how do you like my curves?
Let's prepare for the celebrations before we start~	Marathon marathon! I'll definitely take first place this time.
A letter for you eh? I don't think I should be the one to open your mail.	Good job! Let's go find some place to relax.
Ah our friends have returned! Let's go welcome them back!	Ahaha I'm feeling even better!
I'm the flagship? Fine by me! Everyone follow me!	Hahaa! Piece of cake!
Oof... even I mess up sometimes... just sometimes~	Gotta smile during battle as well!
The moment I saw you all the fatigue from running kicked in at once. I'm out time to rest!	What's wrong? Something bugging you? I promise you'll feel better if we go run a marathon together!
If you never tell others how you feel about them they'll never understand. You get that right?	You idiot... All right stop blushing and stammering. I like you. So do you feel the same way about me?
Since we both love exercising and you liked my spin on last year's gift I went and made you this – my latest and greatest work yet! You'll love it so much it'll fill you with energy and make you wanna go for a run!	I'll bring you a fresh batch of paperwork if you have nothing better to do. I hope you're ready.
This little one is Lebe. Yes you heard that correctly; this is Lebe. Isn't she cute?	Oh absolutely I agree wholeheartedly. Now what's our next task?
Among all actions that take bravery this would in my honest opinion be the worst kind.	We've received new missions. I organized them to give you a solid overview. You're welcome.
I'll obey if you order me to claim the mission rewards but my opinion of you will worsen. Is that an acceptable tradeoff to you?	You have mail. I propose that you open and read it as soon as possible. You are prone to forgetting about it otherwise.
I've put together an after-action report as you ordered. Please have a look.	The commission team has returned. Naturally we should greet and praise them for their hard work. I can accompany you if need be.
Won't I develop some sort of flaw if I get even stronger?	Be wary of ambushes and try not to overextend yourselves.
There are countless examples of seizing defeat from the jaws of victory. Let us not underestimate our foes.	I'll cover everyone. I'm quite good at these things owing to Lebe's help. You may rest easy.
I can still go faster. Just a bit more.	I don't mind being near you but I'm afraid that Lebe does.
You want to make small talk again? Why? You should know that the only answers I ever offer are nods and affirmations. Could it be that you actually like canned responses like that?	So this is marriage. I never thought I'd form an unbreakable bond with someone... What was that? I'm blushing? Umm... could you please take a photo of me right now? I've never seen myself red in the face before.
"(Z2 gave you a box with two chocolates inside. One of them was made to look like Lebe's ""torso"" and the other is a detailed recreation of Lebe's face. When she gave you the box she said: ""Allow me to offer you these Lebe chocolates. No not that Lebe. My Lebe."")"	I've made a chocolate of Lebe in your likeness and a chocolate of you in Lebe's likeness. Ah you find it ridiculous? Perhaps so but Lebe is quite fond of it. She says the outfit makes her look even more authoritative. Indeed it does.
Hm? Are you staring at me in hopes of making me initiate conversation? Apologies but I'm afraid that won't happen.	Do I have any other expressions? A better question is: do you deserve a different expression? ...I'm joking of course. I'm just too lazy to make any other face. That is all.
A stroll through the city? I fear we'd be mistaken for a couple so I must kindly decline.	Allow me to reiterate: Lebe does bite if provoked.
Welcome back. Please forgive me for greeting you with such an inhospitable look. It is not acceptable behavior on my part. Wait just a moment please. I will massage my face into a better expression.	Being able to see you all flabbergasted makes changing into this outfit worth it. Are you going to keep standing there like a scarecrow? Come over here~ Who knows we might even be able to see the fireworks from this spot.
"When we're together like this... Yes it does undeniably look like a ""date."	Lebe I know festivals are fun but I think you're having a bit too much fun...
"A carp becoming a dragon?"" ...Lebe do you want me to teach you what that means?"	"Festivals delicious food and wondrous scenery... Yes I finally understand the miraculous ""summer"" that my Sakura Empire friends spoke of."
If you wanted to talk to me wouldn't it be better if you at least had a topic in mind? Heh.	Good work on your sortie. Would you like to recharge with some sweets? For the time being I set these aside for your enjoyment.
Is there something on my face? Stop staring at me!	You should be more careful if you want me to be your flagship... Don't misunderstand I'm not actually worried about you.
I'm staying beside you but only because its my duty as secretary ship!	If you're really tired I suppose you could rest on my lap for a while...
Didn't we agree that you'd give me a heads up before poking me?	Ah! What... what are you doing? One more time and I'll really get mad!
You're still not going to work? ...You prefer staying with me? You... you're doing this on purpose aren't you?	I-I suppose you deserve a little bit of praise... but only for your hard work.
There's mail for... help you open it? I... I guess I can do that reluctantly of course...	G-good work. Hmph!
Good work everyone! Except the one who's always goofing off in port... *ahem*	Thanks... for nothing! I didn't say anything!
Come on everyone let's give it our all!	Well I suppose you did contribute a little bit...
Ugh... I... I'll remember this!	Combat will be no problem as long as we put in a little effort.
I'm having a bad day... Just stay away from me!	I'll fight to protect my sisters... Not you!
What kind of stuff do I like? Why should I tell you? Well I guess those macaroons we had yesterday were pretty good.	I'm not following you! We just happened to be going in the same direction! Where am I going...? Why... why should I tell you?!
Since you're being so sincere I'll... accept... reluctantly! But that doesn't... it doesn't mean that I've agreed to anything yet... Ah alright don't leave. Yes I agree!	What do you know it's Valentine's Day. Good thing I bought this chocolate macaroon you can have. L-look I just had it on me because I love macaroons! This is totally not some sort of scheme to get you to start liking my favorite treat!
Here actual Valentine's chocolate! I made it myself but don't expect too much... You can tell it was made to your tastes? Ugh your senses are always keen at the worst times! I mean gifts are MEANT to suit the recipient's tastes you know!	There's still quite a lot to be done today. No procrastinating!
If you have the time to stare at me shouldn't you go back to your studies? Even I... can get embarrassed...	Huh? What am I in charge of? A-ahaha... I uh... forgot...
Headpat? You mean like this...?	If you're free why not help with some paperwork?
Completing missions is a great way to hone your skills. Don't ever forget that!	We still have so much to review about the previous battle...
It's about time! Please put aside your work and check on the results of your commissions.	Let's go! It's time to reap the rewards of our hard work!
Battles are like exams. Earning MVP is like getting the top score on a test.	*sobs* ... No I mustn't cry...
Take this!	I've got to find a way out of this mess...
"Studying is important! A wise man once said ""knowledge is power."" ... France is bacon? Jeez... just what is going through that head of yours?"	You're a bit tired? Very well getting rest is important. You want a lap pillow? I guess it's fine... just for a little while...
"(Off to the side of the stacks of paperwork on your desk you found a box of chocolates and a note left by Z23 that reads: ""Your hard work is always appreciated."" Since you were both working overtime late into the night she never got a good opportunity to give it to you directly before she went to sleep on the couch You now to give her your thanks after she wakes up.)"	Once we complete today's mission then come back and confirm our schedule for sorties over the next few days there are still many things left to do.
Well done let's keep this up everyone!	Whew... Sorry to keep you waiting. I was having a hard time deciding which outfit to wear... Ah um... how do I look?
You look so cool and hardworking like that... Uh ahem! Disregard that! A-anyway would you like a light snack?	Wait if you're going to do this kind of stuff at least save it for after work! Even if I like... I mean err d-disregard what I just said!
Instructor how many points did my combat performance score? ...Heheh just kidding~	I-I'm all right... but I'll have to train more after we get back...
This is going to be on the exam! If you don't take thorough notes I am going to punish you!	Have you memorized this? This part's going to show up on the test. If you don't pass you'll...
Afterwards let's get something to eat. It's on me. Consider it a reward for all your hard work today.	If there's a part you don't understand speak up and ask.
P-playing pranks on your instructor is prohibited! *blushes*	What we analyzed earlier sure came in handy!
Javelin's boxed lunches look really good! I should ask her to teach me how to make them like she does!	Laffey? Laffey! Wake up! Good grief how do you manage to fall asleep while playing volleyball?!
Wh-what do you think you're doing?!	Be it ballgames or combat I won't let anyone beat me!
Darn... I need more practice...	Ugh... how am I supposed to keep smiling all day long? My jaw's gone stiff already...
So if you order this set you can choose from one of these or these. Not a bad deal eh?	Hmm... I should really take this opportunity to learn some new recipes. Oh sorry this is your menu~
I've been smiling a lot more lately? ... Well that's because you've gotten so much more respectable.	The four of us: Laffey Javelin Ayanami and I... Who would have thought we'd all become such good friends?
I'm doing splendidly today.	What can I do? ... I don't want to get my dress dirty.
Eugen is going around teasing and feeling up the café employees again... Ugh it's giving me an upset stomach...	Hatsuharu looks extremely nervous... Maybe there's a way to soothe her...
What's up Yuugure? The kettle? Oh shoot! I totally forgot!	Please try to keep quiet in the store! Why do Yuudachi and her friends always need to cause such a commotion...
More tea you say? Coming right up!	Please don't try to imitate Eugen's bad behavior!
Many of the Sakura Empire's sweets are made through steaming... That's very interesting.	If you're going to do something you've got to do it right! I'm aiming for the top!
I don't mind balancing my work as both a manager and as an idol. As a matter of fact I think I might actually be well suited to it.	I just remembered Laffey has an audition today... so where is she?! ...Gaaaah!! Sorry I have something to attend to!
...Recently more and more girls have been asking me to become their manager. Jeez I have my own idol activities to take care of!	Whether as an idol or as a warship I'll be the best I can be!
Phew... I'll have to work even harder.	Miss Ranger what book are you looking for? ...Huh? Are you all right? Should I help find it for you?
Ah go ahead and put that book inside that cardboard box. I'll take it over to Shiranui later.	Laffey and Javelin don't seem to read much... Mhm Ayanami and I will see if we can pick out some books that would be helpful to them.
Might it be an order form? I'll check it in a moment!	I'll handle sorting the books! I like doing it not to mention I'm also good at it!
How tiring... I should go take a break now. I'll have to check if Z26 and the others did their homework later...	I'm SO returning these kitties to Akashi... Although I'd feel really guilty if I did that... Ugh what's a girl to do...
Hey Z28! Stop treating the Meowfficers like pets! Look I know they seem like pets in more ways than one!	Javelin and her friends aren't too keen about coffee. Heh that proves that they're still just kids.
So that's where you're hiding! Gotcha! ...What? I'm totally not wasting time playing hide-and-seek with the U-boats!	Wh-what are you trying to do?!
Don't forget to keep your dorms nice and stocked up... Just like these kitties...	Whether in battles or in missions or in studies diligence begets success!
N-no way... I lost the gear I worked so hard for because the upgrade failed and now I'm completely out of gold... Ugh I'm going to have to go farm the dungeon all over again...	*sigh*... I knew I should've made some extra preparations before chancing Akashi's upgrades...
You need a lot of money whether you're trying to reforge your gear or buying a new set... How am I supposed to get that much gold anyway...?	I knew from the beginning that this might happen but still... Ugh I hope I'm not going to be a complete liability to the others...
You think it'd be a good idea for me to class-change to Fighter? I mean... I'm not as flexible as Ayanami!	My DEF stat is solid enough. Look I have no problem fighting even in a swimsuit.
I'll have to head back to the Guild to pick up another quest...	Ugh... Why now of all times...?
Javelin that quest might be a bit too tough. Wait it's to cover my equipment costs...?	Jeez Laffey! Don't accidentally set our rewards on fire!
New mail? I hope it's a quest invitation...	W-welcome back... I'm still trying to get back what I lost... Sorry... Ugh I can't let myself cry over this!
The commission rewards seem to have come in. Not that it'll solve this problem though...	Let's zone in everyone!
I have to work harder to get gold and farm up a new set of gear!	Ugh... What am I supposed to do with this kind of gear...
Do you have any idea what time it is? This is why I can't stand you lazy mortals... Get back to work already!	A mortal that does not tremble before my visage? How strange... I thought I did my best to look absolutely hellish... I wonder why...
Black is the mark of my infernal nobility— yes black coffee dark chocolate and black forest cake... are all things within my domain! Surely even human scum such as you recognizes this~♪	Aaaahhhhh... I'm sooooo booooored... Shall I teach the next person who walks through these doors the meaning of true fear? ...No good? Tsk...
"The ways of the mortal realm have no bearing upon me! Therefore Zed I have no need for this ""homework"" stuff. Oww! F-fine I get it so stop chewing me out!"	You... forgot to bring the offerings? ...Looks like I will have to teach you about the fragility of human life.
These massive claws suit my status as an Archfiend both in terms of appearance and destructive power! Ahahaha!	Surely you already know the fate of those who dare to disrespect me? Foolish mortal...
Impudent mortal how dare you wantonly touch my head... W-wait don't stop please~	Missions? Hurry up and get those unsightly things out of my sight mortal.
The time of reaping seems to have come once more. Isn't that right human~?	Insight from the Abyss itself... Guhuhu...
It's about damn time human. Tired so I'm gonna rest. Don't bother me unless it's urgent or you have dark chocolate.	Commission rewards? I have no interest in mortal trinkets... But oh! If there's any black chocolate or black forest cake you must bring it to me mortal!
Not bad human scum! My power grows ever greater!	Let us begin the festival of blood and iron!
Ahahahaha! Fresh blood and steel blossom into magnificent fireworks!	*pant*... *pant*... I don't have to hold back anymore right? I'll destroy everything... every last bit of it...!!!
Kneel before me! Ahahaha!	Can I destroy everything yet...?!
Do you know the fate of mortals who have fallen to such depths of depravity?	Nothing in existence can stand before me without succumbing to abject terror... or so I thought. Why aren't you afraid of me!
Are you offering this black forest cake to me? Ehe... Ehehehe... Very well human. Here ahhhn... What are you spacing out for? Hurry up and feed me already!	Now that you've learned to fear and respect me mortal I shall give you the privilege of forming a physical pact with me! Come! ......Hug! It's a hug! Do I have to spell it for you you fool?!
You seek to form a contract with me mortal? Ehehehe... very well! I shall reward you for your bravery! From now on you shall serve me!	"Rejoice mortal for I bequeath upon you the chocolate of darknest night the very essence of my black soul! ""Z24 worked hard until late at night to make these chocolates?"" ...W-wait who did you hear that from human scum?!"
You liked my chocolate did you? Of course you would! I am the bearer of the mark of blackness – chocolate is obviously within my domain! Only those versed in the truths of darkness would... You must go to a meeting with Zed? F-fine we'll continue this later then!	Mortal! I grant you dark chocolate every year and you consider it fit to consume wearing THOSE clothes?! Seeing as you know no better I've procured you garments as black as mine! ...We're like a couple in matching clothes? Th-that is NOT my intention dummkopf!
You've got some guts to keep me waiting foolish mortal! I have been toiling away at being an excellent secretary ship!	...Hmph! (Strikes pose) Ahahaha! How's this? Terrifying yeah? Does it make your knees weak? ...Hmm I see. Judging from reaction it still needs some work...
Hurry up and finish your work already you fool! Stop... slacking... off... or I'll scratch you!	Studying...? Wh-why do I have to stoop to doing the same stuff as Z25 and the others? Don't wanna! Stop throwing homework at me!
Good human you've returned. I'm tired... Hey don't run away! Come hither and give me a back rub!	Ehehehe... Ahahahahaha!
Come human! The rite of festivities is upon us! Come hither and let us revel in this foreign holiday together!	Are you all rested up? I'll give you the privilege of keeping me entertained today! Consider this your greatest honor mortal!
Even off duty I cannot remove this claw as it is a symbol of my dignity! ...What do I do if I need to pick something up? Th-that's your job you foolish mortal!	I shall reward you with a taste of this black fruit! Open your mouth foolish mortal!
Do you want to stay by my side tht badly? Heheh~	Th-there are some things you just shouldn't do! I hope you're ready for some punishment foolish mortal!
Heh heh... As expected you couldn't even last for a second! Winning too easily takes all the fun out of it... You the mortal over there I'll give you the honor of being my next opponent!	Tell me what plans you have for the day mortal. I've decided – you shall bear witness to my dominion over this stadium and burn those memories into your eyes!
When facing human opponents it would hardly be a fair contest if I didn't convert my claws into bandages... It definitely had nothing to do with me breaking a whole bunch of racquets or anything like that.	Not half bad for a human. It appears that the time has come to unleash my sealed power––
Picking up balls is beneath someone as exalted as me! ...Oww! Fine fine I get it! Stop chewing me out already Zed!	As a r-reward for defeating me I shall grant you the privilege of giving me directions for the day! Bask in this glory foolish mortal!
Heh heh... Excellent!	I I did not mean THIS kind of reward...!
Whether on the battlefield or inside the stadium the fruit of victory is sweet indeed! Even a foolish mortal such as you is privy to that knowledge right? ♪	Bow down before my might!
You're right on time. Well then I should also get fired up.	Mr. Anchor what must I do to become as outstanding as my sister...?
Z23... is probably engrossed in her studies right now...	Research plans... commission schedule... Ugh... this is no time to be getting sleepy...
This thing here? He- it's really just an ordinary toy!	Zzz.... woah! Sorry I shouldn't have been daydreaming...
Oooh! ...If that was on purpose you'd better grit your teeth!	Don't procrastinate on your missions. Hurry up and get them taken care of!
Mission complete. Well? What are your next plans?	New mail has arrived... it would be unfortunate if you glossed over something important!
Good work everyone. Let's use this time to also check the status of all the equipment.	The commission team is already waiting at the harbor. Shall I welcome them back?
Becoming stronger... should allow me to get a little closer to Z23.	Z25 currently searching for enemy ships!
Not bad let's keep this same tempo going!	This battle... I'll have to reflect upon it thoroughly...
Target acquired!	I can hang on a bit longer...
Mr. Anchor... I don't want to be here anymore...	So you heard everything that I said to Mr. Anchor.... Ughh I'm such an idiot! However I'm really happy that you chose to give this to me. Th-there's no going back on this!
Z23 was making chocolate so I spied... I mean learned from her and I'm absolutely sure this chocolate is perfect! Come on take it and have a taste!	Phew... It's been a long time since I've been able to enjoy such a refreshing breeze.
Mr. Anchor has to sit out in the sun as well or he will get moldy.	Volleyball? Or how about swimming! I won't lose no matter what you pick!
Liven up! Don't tell me you're tired already!	It's time to let these Royals witness the tactics and teamwork of the Iron Blood! Heheh~
I'm not tired yet there's no need for you to massage- Ooh... that feels pretty good...	S-sink!!
Sorry but only authorized personnel are allowed into the office... Oh I guess you're authorized to enter. Welcome back! Let's give it our all!	I hate snowstorms. One was the reason I got separated from my allies and captured by the enemy...
Zed's good at studying and Lebe's good at sports... so I should aim to... study while playing sports? W-will I manage?	I wonder if Z25's Mr. Anchor is actually alive... I mean she's always talking to it so...
If you need assistance just give me the order! ...Err I mean please let me know!	No lewdness allowed! Ever! Full stop!
The commission team is back! They've really done it this time... Nono I mean they've done a good job!	I'm very grabbed! ...No I mean I'm very grateful!
All ships follow the vanguard's lead! Oh I guess that means follow me!	Continue making your best endeavors! ...Um I mean well done everyone!
We ended up losing... I'm really sorry everyone!	I'm all ready to go!
I wonder where Z25 and the others went...	What I do when a foe's aiming at me? Well... I pray that they fire at someone else by accident! If they don't I pray again that their torpedoes don't hit me!
Maintaining a good work-life balance is very important! That's why I'll be watching you on your days off to make sure you don't do any work! This is me telling you to get enough rest.	"I take you to have and to hold from this day forward for better for worse for richer for poorer in sickness and in health until death do us part."" ...I was able to recite it from memory! Now it's your turn... right?"
Sorry to keep you waiting! These are all my belongings! ...I mean uhh these are all my snacks and games!	If you're tired you should try hugging Sharky and taking a nap! ...Ah I meant that Sharky pillow on the bed!
My sisters are always telling me not to spend too much time gaming. But since it's my day off does it reallly matter how much I play?	Just before I went to see the Lexington sisters' Konzert. You can definitely tell that they are professionals.
Another new mission another new challenge~	Let's give it our all! We're the best~!
Großartig! Everyone did a great job!	Don't lose hope everyone! We'll have another chance!
I won't let you have your way~	Everyone let's make another push!
When it comes to the Iron Blood the cool one would have to be Z1. The sexy would definitely be Eugen. As for who is the most idol-like that would be none other than me the dancing and singing Ms. 35!	Making chocolate is a cakewalk for an idol like me who can sing and dance! A chocolatewalk even! Have a bite! It's almost as sweet and sugary as me!
Now I know for sure – my performances reach new heights when you're with me~ So to ensure you stick around I'm going to get you totally hooked on my chocolate! ...Wait you already are? Aww you know just what to say to make me happy~	One of the prizes for this New Year's raffle is a sea mine raffle? Ehh... I don't really want that...
Eheh~ No matter what outfit you put me in the singing and dancing idol will always function at 100 percent!	I invited Z36 to come with me but why does she never take me up on it...?
What better way to kick off the New Year's celebration than with a Konzert! That's right!	If I was to capture the various sights and sounds of the Sakura New Year's celebration and turn it into a show... Ehehe might just be a great idea!
"Ohh you came at just the right time! Hm want to listen to my brand new song? It's called ""Devilish Overture!"	Hmhmm~ what do you think about my bewitching heterochromatic eyes? H-hey! They're not contacts!
Nobody can resist the bewitching songs of the Devilish Idol!	Whether it's on the battlefield or on the stage once I release my sealed powers nothing can get in my way~!
You'll get hexed for casually touching the Devilish Idol's body!	Aldebaran has illuminated our path forward! Everyone the time to act is now!
Phew... Huff... Why am I so worn out? Heh that's because I've been practicing my powers of bewitchment! Ahhh fine fine! I was practicing for my performance...	My long-departed kindred have finally returned to us from their commission. Let us greet them with hearts full of gratitude!
My devilish powers of bewitchment... have further awakened within me!	Seal... released! Come! I'll burn the power of a Devilish Idol into your retina! Shazam!
This victory was ordained by the Fates! Yes that means it was inevitable!	Ugh... a Devilish Idol never loses...!
I'll engrave my devilish powers of bewitchment upon your body!	Gah... power overwhelming...!
My bewitching eyes have foreseen your imminent destruction!	Heheh~ Finally someone able to see on the same wavelength as the Devilish Idol herself! Now become my fan!
Heheh~ allow me to engrave the seal of the Devilish Idol upon your flesh! W-wait I'm not done making the stamp yet!	Those who share the seal of the Devilish Idol shall have their fate cosmically bound with mine! That means... I kind of like you! Ehehe~
"This is the chocolate I made with Z35. We dubbed it ""Devilish Chocolate ft. Iron Blood Idols!"" Its flavors will abduct you into a realm of devilish deliciousness!"	Hmhm~ Are you hesitating to eat my chocolate because you're afraid of the power of my charm magic? You want to know whether my magic or Z24's power as an archdevil is stronger? ...Don't compare our powers when our world view isn't even the same!
My bewitching eyes have seen the future! You will be so deeply moved by my chocolate you will offer me kind words hugs and even chocolate of your own making! ...Wait you'll actually do that? Yaaay♪	This world is so different that from what I was expecting. How interesting!
Z46 is but a codename not my actual name. For a ship something like a name should be unimportant but...	I have experienced neither failure nor suffering. Consequently I have accomplished nothing.
A name is not merely a label. It is also proof that one exists in this world.	The things I have yet to experience and understand are as numerous as the countless stars in the night sky.
Being able to be touched is proof of one's existence.	If your desire is righteous then why do your hands tremble?
Unknown beings and new acquaintances... let us sally forth to meet them!	Freedom and fortune only favor the hardworking.
Receiving mail is proof of the expectations and trust that people have in you.	Is the battle over or has it just begun?
Waiting at the harbor for dispatched ships to return... is something I've ever experienced before.	Though this is but a trivial thing I'll return the favor for your consideration.
For not fleeing upon seeing my visage I applaud both your courage and your stupidity.	Am I too strong? Or are you all too weak?
Go and boast to the world. Be proud that you have bested me even once.	The unworthy are fated to drown in this world.
What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger.	Perhaps what I seek... cannot be found here.
The journey to find a name has lead me to this place.	Friendship enmity love hate... these are things that I have never experienced prior to coming here.
The sea breeze caressing my cheeks the crashing of waves resounding in my ear. The laughter echoing on the beach the footprints left in the sand. The rays of summer shimmering overhead the fluttering sails of ships about to return... What an unforgettable scenery.	"To be needed yearned for trusted and loved... ""I"" am a cloth dyed by your color. My beloved please bestow a name upon me."
My beloved I have long awaited this day. What name have you decided to bestow upon me?	What need could there be to blush before me? There should be no need to repay this gift. Our relationship should be quite well known. What is so shameful about feeding you?
Why are your hands trembling? You're the one who proposed we eat chocolate together and I learned from your lead that I should open my mouth to do so. Are you uncomfortable due to the difference in our heights? Then let's do this — I'll stand on this chair and you can face down toward me.	"No blushing no shaky hands... Evidence that you have accepted this current situation. This is perfectly normal and expected just as I read in that book about ""feeding chocolate to your lover."" Next I shall blush as I prepare for this sweetness to spread across my lips––"
The bustling beach clamoring with waves of joyfulness... experiencing this kind of summer is a first for me but I don't dislike it...	The midsummer seaside is full of the unknown... Let's go explore it together!
The tide ebbs and flows leaving behind an unforgettable summer experience.	The hot summer and the refreshing ice... what a wonderful contradiction.
Trust your instincts and your courage. They will guide you forward.	No matter how many times I will always believe in your words. I can always trust that you will guide me down the right path.
I truly do exist and am needed by everyone...	Why... is there hesitation in your eyes?
"Have you prepared yourself? Then let us proceed to our next battlefield. This battle shall thusly be dubbed: ""Soaking in the Shallows!"	"Through the sweat and tears striving for your goals. Rejoice in victory sink within defeat... How fascinating this ""sports meet"" may be."
I wish to run as fast as a leopard and fly to great heights like a soaring bird.	"To compete with others and prove your worth through different means than fighting battles... To be crowned ""champion"" 'tis a great feeling."
Even in this little academy there are so many things to do and see...	Whether your sweat is falling on the track or your words are encouraging others all of this is an unforgettable experience.
"Just a small piece of paper... can create such a profound tie between people... this ""scavenger hunt"" is more interesting than I thought."	Where are your fingers... Is there really anything worth exploring right there?
Steel yourselves for this upcoming battle! Intense fights await at our next sports meet!	Whatever color you may wish to bestow upon my existence – be it black red or blue I shall accept it all. My beloved please bestow upon me my name the identity you choose to bless me with.
Dancing beams of light shimmering on-stage; uplifted voices joined as one by song... Upon this unknown stage my heart doth flutter... Yet this sensation is quite refreshing.	As long as your eyes are fixed upon me; Upon this stage I shall sing bravely.
Countless days and nights of hard work congeal into a single flash of brilliance onstage. Like a shooting star leaving only a fleeting trail of light—	The star-lit stage is another world of its own an ajar door to the unknown that now beckons me...
My dear friend there is no reason to worry about me. All of this was made possible by Z23 Z35 Graf Spee Admiral Hipper... We are all connected by the bonds of the Iron Blood.	"Take heed of where the other performers and your audience are looking? ...I see. I understand why such a thing is important but can you explain to me why it is called the ""Evil Eye?"
My singing voice... is proof of my existence.	The stage is yet another battlefield where wars are fought not with steel and fire but with our charm and earnest desire.
A commission fleet has returned to port. I wish for them to see me as I am now as a beloved idol.	In front of tens and thousands of adoring fans... I must do my very best.
Let us sing this song of celebration; For our friends' displays of dedication.	Have my lessons been so insufficient; or are my emotions simply deficient?
Anxiety and nervousness gather along with the light upon this stage and the colors of my heart cannot be concealed... O you who I love are these feelings reaching you?	"Jianzhi"" the art of breathing life into works of cut paper... is a world beyond my imagination. If these decorations are said to usher in blessings... are they akin to a coat-of-arms or a holy seal?"
I eagerly await the completion of this next piece... It's as if my soul resonates with this craft.	The festival to herald the arrival of spring is sanguine filled with joy fanfare and deliciousness. None may resist its delights.
Sister of my friend please wait a bit longer. The preparation process is difficult to control.	After this piece is complete will you mount it? The more delicate the art the more strict the protection must be...
Allow me to complete this seal and it may be of great use to you.	Are you trying to stick something onto me?
I have no desire to be a burden upon my peers... Before devoting myself to this craft I shall continue to observe.	Cast your eyes upon this bit of dust. As I was entrusted with the cleaning I shall not allow this dust to remain. Will you also join me in this battle?
Upon my pride this dust shall know no succor. Hm? Did I say something weird just now?	Even Lord Bismarck's statue cannot be cleaned satisfactorily... Too ashamed am I to face my Iron Blood friends but this war against dust I shall not suspend.
How does one eradicate something as infinitesimal yet as innumerable as dust? ...It's impossible? That I cannot accept. To do so would invalidate my very existence.	The process of making things beautiful and pure through cleaning is wonderful indeed. Call upon me if there is some place you want cleaned.
"If dust is allowed to remain it will eventually become a mountain."" Does this not mean that all the dust I sweep will also become a mountain? I cannot allow that and that is why I must eradicate it all."	The manjuus are doing their best to help out. I would appreciate it if you could do the same.
Oh thank you. I was just thinking I needed a lift to reach that high spot.	Hrmm... The more I clean the more the dust grows. Will this battle never cease because dust yet remains on my tool's fleece?
Welcome back. I've gathered everyone up and we're awaiting your inspection.	Now Pola and I are often praised for our beauty but aren't you worried that all this ogling might cause some unsavory rumors?
Tenacemente that is fighting to the bitter end no matter the odds is my personal motto.	Looking up at the night sky admiring the countless glimmering stars it's really nice actually. But it's better enjoyed from inside... don't you think?
Eeek?! ... Ahem! There is more to me than my armor plating you know? Maybe you would like a taste of my guns as well?	Is this mission giving you trouble? Here let me take a look.
An exhausting mission was it? Why not relax with a glass of wine?	Grazie! Now my main guns are an even greater threat to the enemy.
I'm used to being flagship. All ships get into formation! Tiro!	I've brought you victory and glory just as I promised.
Ugh... Don't make me recall the humiliation I endured that night...!	Don't think you can pierce my armor so easily!
My armor... will hold!	Did you do your stretches? You don't want your legs cramping up in the water.
Hey no horseplay in the pool!	Your eyes are wandering. Hehe what's on your mind? You can tell me.
Where are we going today? Pearl Harbor? Or perhaps the Coral Sea?	That Grey Ghost... I'd like to duel her just once.
Shoukaku is so cute when she's embarrassed!	Keep fighting until the last arrow is broken! That is what it means to be an elite!
Wait Grey Ghost don't run away just because you won! Let's have a rematch!	My least favorite food? Turkey of course.
Hmm... Seems like the situation has taken a turn for the better!	So? Is it good news or bad news?
I'll need you to perform some maintenance on me. Ah don't forget about the planes either!	If only I had more planes...!
As a perfected aircraft carrier I shall not lose to anyone not even to my seniors or to the Grey Ghost herself.	A never-ending swarm of enemies? I'm already used to it.
I am the auspicious crane after all!	Am I going to be sunk... again...?
As long as Shoukaku is with me~!	Shoukaku... Is Shoukaku all right?
Seniors and juniors... they're all such a pain.	Whenever I feel irritated or lost training always makes me feel at ease. Yes I'll definitely get stronger and catch up to that Grey Ghost one day.
E-eh?! Th-this is... I'm not misunderstanding you right? Then... um from now on I'll be in your care dar... darling? Waaah! Shoukaku is calling me!	This chocolate is full of my feelings so it should count as genuine... But it also contains my gratitude for everything so... Gaaah how am I supposed to know if it's obligatory or genuine anymore?!
I'm giving off a different vibe from usual? Hehe I'll take that as a compliment! As a matter of fact I do like trying on different outfits from time to time for a change of pace.	Akagi isn't exactly a fan of these large gatherings... Wait could she be antisocial?! Err that doesn't seem right...
Uhh... So you wanted to compare mine to Shoukaku's after all?	This is nothing compared to Mikasa's hellish training! I'll be done in no time!
Zuikaku advancing!	Victory is assured as long as I'm here!
Oh Shoukaku was also doing this job right? Even though she's also wearing the same outfit she gives off completely different vibes than me...	"Hmm... I just can't pull the look off as well as Shoukaku... Is this the difference in our ""girlish appeal?"
Is this job just to sit here for the photo ops...? I thought I'd get to drive...	Phew...! Keep it together Zuikaku... You've gotta look your best in front of the camera!
Hold this position a bit longer...? Mm can't I ask for a slightly cooler pose...?	Ugh... Having to hold this pose for so long is making my shoulders stiff...
